

AN ACT To ESTABLISH AND CHARTER A FERRY ACROSS THE Ca- TAWBA RIVER, BETWEEN THE CuUNTIES OF YORK AND LAN- CASTER, AND TO VEST THE SAME IN JAMES M. Ivy, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry to be known as Ivy's Ferry, be, and the same is hereby, established and chartered, to reach across the Catawba River in the Counties of York and Lancaster, at the point for- merly known as Curceton’s Ferry, and that the same be vested in James M. Ivy, his heirs and assigns, fee the term of twenty- one years. Src. 2. That the following rates of toll be charged and no more: For every four horse carriage or vehicle, seventy-five (75) cents; for every three horse carriage or vehicle, sixty (60) vents ; for every two horse carriage or vehicle, fifty (50) cents; for every one horse carriage or vehicle, twenty (20) cents; for every single horse and rider, ten (10) cents; for every foot pas- senger, five (5) cents; for every head of horses, mules, cattle, 

sheep, goats, hogs, five (5) cents: Provided, That children going .to and returning from school, and voters going to and returning 

and personal estate as may be deemed requisite for its purposes; may erect such mills, buildings and structures as may be re- garded necessary or desirable; may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in any and all courts; may have and use a common seal, and alter or renew the same at pleasure; may make such by-laws and regulations, not inconsistent with law, as may be deemed proper or expedient; and in general shall have and enjoy all rights, powers, and privileges as are incident or appertain to corporations. Sec. 4. That each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable for the debts of said corporation, be- sides the loss of his stock in said corporation, to the extent of five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by such stockholder at the time of the creation of such debts: Provided, That such debts shall have been payable within one year: Pro- vided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due: Provided further, That no person holding atock as executor, administrator, trustee, guardian, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be held individually liable for said debts, but such person shall be held liable for said debts only in such fiduciary capacity, and only to the extent of the value of the estate held by him, her, or them in such capacity, such liability, however, not to exceed in amount five per cent. of the par value of the stock held insuch fiduciary capacity. Sec. 5. That any fraudulent misrepresentation as to the capi- tal, property, and resources of such corporation, shall be deemed a misdemeanor, and any stockholder or officer of said corporation or other person making the same, upon conviction thereof shall be fined or imprisoned at the discretion of the Court as in the case of a misdemeanor. Sec. 6. That said corporation shall be entitled to all the bene- fits enumerated and provided for in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures,” approved 20th December, 1873, for a term of ten years from the date of its organization, to the extent of the articles therein named and the necessary buildings for the machinery used in such manufactures. Sec. 7. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of thirty years and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meeting next thereafter: Provided, That on the expiration or dissolution of the said cor- poration, the real and personal property thereof shall be vested in the several members of said corporation in proportion to 

their respective shares in the capital stock after payment of all the debts of the said corporation. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_—_— AN ACT To ESTABLISH A FERRY ACROSS THE BroaD RIVER IN FAIRFIELD AND NEWBERRY CoUNTIES, AND TO VEST THE SAME In WiLLtAM McC. BLAIR, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry, be, and the same is hereby, established and char- tered, to reach across the Broad River in Fairfield and Newberry Counties at a point known as Blair’s Crossing, near the line of the Spartanburg and Union Railroad, and that the same be known as Blair’s Ferry and be vested in William McC. Blair, his heirs and assigns, for the term of twenty years. Sxc. 2. That the following rates of toll be charged and col- lected and no more: For every four horse carriage or vehicle, seventy-five (75) cents; for every three horse carriage or vehi- cle, sixty-five (65) cents; for every two horse carriage or vehi- cle, fifty (50) cents; for every one horse carriage or vehicle, twenty (20) cents; for every single horse and rider, ten (10) cents; for every foot passenger, five (5) cents; for every head of horses, mules, cattle, sheep, hogs, and goats, tive (5) cents: Provided, That children going to and returning from school, voters going to and returning from elections, and militia going to and returning from muster, and clergymen, be passed free of toll. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December, 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor, 

AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE Episto PHOSPHATE CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of the same, That the Edisto Phosphate Company shall have power from time to time to increase their capital stock to any amount not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars, including their pres- ent capital stock, whenever a majority of the stockholders present at any general meeting, or the Board of Directors by their authority, shall determine. And such additional stock shall be divided among the stockholders exactly in proportion to their sharos in the capital stock of the company at the time of such incrcase. But in case any stockholder should not desire to take or should neglect for one month to take his or her proportion of such increased stock, the same shall be allotted or dispesed of among the other stockholders, and books may be opened for the purpose of obtaining additional sub- scribers to such increased stock, in such manner as the Board of Directors may deem expedient. And in no case shall the members who are unwilling to take their proportion in such increase of stock, be assessed to contribute or to make up such increase. Src. 2. Whenever any such increase of capital shall have been made as aforesaid, the President and Treasurer shall make affidavit of the fact and file the same in the office of the Secre- tary of State, and make publication thereof once a week for three consecutive weeks in a‘ newspaper in the city of Charles- ton, which ‘shall be legal notice to all persons dealing with said corporation. Sec. 3. The said company shall have succession of officers and members to be chosen according to the rules and by-laws made or to be made for their government and direction, and shall have power and authority to make by-laws not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to break and alter at will; to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in any Court of law or equity; to purchase, take, hold, sell and convey, in fee simple or for less estate, any lands, tenements or hereditaments, goods, chattels, rights and eredits, which may be connected with or in any manner condu- cive to the purposes for which said company is established ; to 

dig and mine for earths, rocks, marls, and minerals; to manufacture the same and such other materials as they may purchase or acquire, into chemicals, acids, and fertil- izers; to carry on trade therein; and to cultivate such lands as may be purchased or acquired by the said company for the purposes aforesaid Sec. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof, in an amount beside the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per centum of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made : Provided. That such demand shall have been payable within one year Provided also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stdckholder: Provided further, That no person holding a - share or shares, as executor, administrator, trugtee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such exccutor, administrator, or. trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity Sec. 5. That any Director or other officer or stockholder of the said corporation who shall knowingly and wilfully tmake or cause to be made any fraudulent misrepresentation -or misrepresentations, as to either the capital property, or resources of the said corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by fine of not more than two thousand ($2,000) dollars or .imprisoned for not longer than two (2) years, or both, at the discretion of the Court. Src. 6. The said company is hereby authorized to construct and maintain a railroad or tramway from the navigable waters on which their works are situate to the North Eastern and South Carolina Railroads, and for that purpose to lay their Provided, That such track along and across any public way precautions are taken as to offer no hindrance to the public use of such way Sec. 7. That this charter shall remain in force for thirty “years after the passage of this Act and until the end of the next ensuing session of the General Assembly: Provided, That on the expiration or dissolution of the said corpora- tion, the property thereof shall be vested in the several mem- bers of said corporation in proportion to their respective shares 

in the capital stock after payment of all the debts of the said corporation. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_———— AN ACT to AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO'RENEW AND AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN OF CHESTER,” APPROVED Marcu 26th, 1869, AND AMENDED FEBRuary 14th, 1878, By DEPRIVING THE Town CounciL OF THE SAID TOWN OF THE RIGHT TO COMMIT PRISONERS TO THE. COUNTY JAIL. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assem- bly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to renew and amend the charter of the town of Chester,” be, and the same is hereby, amendéd by striking out the 9th Section thereof and all amendments of said Section, and by inserting in lieu thereof the following: “Section 9. That the said Town Council of Chester shall have power to arrest any person or persons who shall be guilty of disorderly conduct in said town, to the annoyance of the citizens thereof, and to punish such disorderly persons by sentencing them to pay a fine not exceed- ing twenty dollars, and to confinement in the guard-house not exceeding thirty days, or to labor on the streets of said town That either one or two of said sen- not exceeding thirty days. tences may be imposed at one and the same time, in the alterna- tive, in the discretion of the Council: Provided, That any person sentenced to labor upon the streets of said town shall have the privilege of commuting said sentence by paying therefor at the rate of fifty cents per day for each day embraced in said sentence. In case any fine is imposed and not paid, the said Town Council shall have power to issue executions and collect the same by levy and sale of the property of the defaulter. It shall be the duty of the Marshal or the police of the town to arrest all disorderly persons and to call to his assistance the, posse comitatus, if necessary ; and upon failure to perform said 

duty, he shall be fined in a sum not exceeding twenty dollars for each and every offence In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT to AtrHoRIZE THE County COMMISSIONERS OF AIKEN CouNTY TO SELL CERTAIN PUBLIC BUILDINGS, AND TO DIs- POSE OF THE PROCEEDS OF SAID SALE Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Aiken County be, and they are hereby, authorized to sell at public auction, after due adver- tisement, the public property known as the “Gregg Property,” situated in Aiken County, and make all necessary conveyances for the same. If at such sale an inadequate bid, in their opinion is made for said property, the County Commissioners are di- rected to’ withdraw said property from sale, and offer the same at some subsequent day. Sec. 2. That the said County Commissioners are hereby au- thorized to apply the proceeds of said sale in paying for the building of the new jail, if so much be necessary, and if there be any surplus, the same be applied to other County purposes In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

N ACT To REVIVE AND RENEW THE CHARTER OF THE CHERAW BripGe CoMPANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of the same, That the charter heretofore granted to the Cheraw Bridge Company be, and the same is hereby, revived and rénewed for the term of twenty-one years, with all the rights and privileges hereto- fore granted to said corporation and subject to all the restric- tions contained in its previous charter ; and all acts done by the said corporation since the expiration of its charter are hereby declared to be as valid, and to have the like effect, as though they had been done during the existence of said charter; and that all property held by the said Company at the time of the expiration of its charter be, and the same is, vested in and con- firmed in the Company herein rechartered Sec. 2. That this Act is hereby declared to be a public Act In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker Hours of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881, JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT RELATING TO THE HiaH ScHooL or CHARLESTON Wuereas, The City Council of Charleston did, by its Ordi- nances, ratified on the second of May A. D. 1839, and the twenty- sixth of April, 1853, create a permanent and accumulating fund for the benefit of the High School of Charleston, and did re- quire its Treasurer for each and every year from the year 1853 for the rest of the period of ninety-nine yéars from the year 1839 to issue and deliver to the “Commissioners of the High School Fund” a certificate of stock of the said city of Charleston, for the sum of one thousand dollars, which said fund is now in- vested in the school lot and buildings at the north-west corner of Meeting and George streets, and the sum of forty-seven thousand seven hundred and forty dollars, in the stock and 

bonds of the City of Charleston, the income whereof is not suf- ficient to perfect the school in all its branches: AND WHEREAS, It has been suggested by the “Board of Super- visors of the High School of Charleston” to the said City Coun- cil, as conducive to the welfare of the said school, to chanze the investment aforesaid into an annuity of four thousand dol- lars for the unexpired period of ninety-nine years, to wit, about sixty years, and, in consideration thereof, to cause the scrip aforesaid, now in the hands of the “Commissioners of the High School Fund” to be cancelled, thereby relieving the city of Charleston of that amount of debt : Now, therefore, to carry the said purposes into effect : Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the present “Board of Supervisors of the High School of Charleston” are hereby declared to be a body corporate by the style and title of “The Trustees of the High School of Charleston,” and shall, by its said name, have perpetual succession of officers and members; the right to use and keep a common seal, and the same to alter at will; to sue and be sued; to plead and be im- pleaded, and to have and enjoy all and every right and privilege, power and franchise incident and belonging to incorporate bodies ; they shall’ also have full power and authority, from time to time, to make, constitute, and establish such and so many by- laws, rules, and orders as to them shall seem necessary and convenient for the better regulation, government, well ordering, and directing of themselves, as Trustees aforesaid; as well as of the High School of Charleston, and all officers, professors, or other persons by them employed or to be employed in and about the same; and of all pupils in the said school; and for the better managing, limiting, and appointing of all and singu- lar the trusts and authorities in them and each of them reposed and to be reposed, and for the doing, managing, and transacting all things necessary for and concerning the government of the said High School of Charleston; and the same by-laws, rules, and orders, to put in force and execution accordingly ; and the same again at their will and pleasure to alter, change, revoke, and annul; all of which by-laws, rules, and orders so to be made as aforesaid shall be binding on each and every of the Trustees, and on all officers, professors, and other persons by them employed and by all pupils in said school, and shall be, from time to time, by each and every of them observed accord- 

ing to the tenor and effect thereof, under the several pains penalties, and disabilities therein expressed Sec. 2. That the said Trustees shall consist of not more than thirteen members, nor less than eight, whereof the Mayor of the city of Charleston, for the time being, shall always be ex oficio a Trustee; and two Aldermen of the said City Council shall be elected by the said Council from their own body im- mediately after every election of Aldermen for the said city and shall hold their offices as Trustees aforesaid until the next succeeding election of two Aldermen to act as Trustees in their place That the number of Trustees may be reduced at any time by the City Council of Charleston, to any number not less than eight; and when any vacancy among the Trustees shall occur by death, resignation, or otherwise, the same shall be filled by the City Council of Charleston within three months after the occurrence of such vacancy; and in case the said Council fails for three months thereafter to fill such vacancy, the same shall be filled by the remaining members of the Board of Trustees. Séc. 3. That the “Commissioners of the High School Fund ” are empowered and authorized, with the consent and under the direction of the City Council of Charleston to cancel all scrip or bonds they hold as the High School Fund, and deliver the same to the Treasurer of the said city, to be by him retained and securely kept: Provided, That the City Council do agree and contract in proper and legal manner, and in consideration of the said cancellation, with the “Trustees of the High School of Charleston,” to grant an annuity of four thousand dollars for the term of sixty years, from the first of January, eighteen hundred and eighty-two, to the said Trustees; and tor the pay- ment thereof, to appropriate, annually, and pay over each year to the said Trustees, the sum of four thousand dollars for the sole and exclusive use and benefit of the said school: And pro- vided, further, That the said City Council do execute a convey ance of the said school lot and buildings at the north-west cor- ner of Meeting and George streets to the said Trustees, for the sole and exclusive use and benefit of the said school Sec. 4. That the said Trustees are authorized and empowered to receive and hold donations, devises, bequests, and legacies and to hold real and personal estate to the amount of three hundred thousand dollars for the benefit and use of the said school. Sec. 5. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with the 

provisions of this Act are hereby repealed, and this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and is to take effect from and immedi- ately after the date of its passage. In the Senate Honse, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON BmeOOD, Governor. ns AW ACT To AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW ScHooL District in Ricu- LAND County, AND TO AUTHORIZE THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF A LOCAL TAX THEREIN.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section five (5) of an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the establishment of a new School District in Richland County, and to authorize the levy and collection of a local tax therein,” ap- proved December 24th, 1880, be, and the same is hereby, amended as follows, to wit: By inserting between the word “any” on the eleventh line of said Section, and the word “office” at the be- ginning of the twelfth linc, the word “salaried,” so that the said part of the said Section so amended will read “shall be eligible to any salaried office,” &c. Sec. 2. That Section 8 of the same Act be, and the same is hereby, amended as follows, to wit: By striking out the word “city” in the twenty-fifth line thereof, and inserting in place thereof, the word “State,” so the said line of said Section shall read “collect the same with the State taxes, and it shall-bea lien on all,” &e. Src. 3. ‘That Section 9 of the same Act be, and the same is hereby, amended as follows, to wit: By striking out the words “in the City Treasury as public money protected by the official bond of the City Treasurer, and shall,” between the words “herein” and “be paid” on the second and fourth lines, respec- tively, of said Section, and inserting in lieu thereof the words 

“ghall be protected by the official bond of the said Treasurer as public money and kept by him as a separate and distinct fund to,” so the said Section so amended shall read: “All the moneys received by the County Treasurer from the local taxes herein, shall be protected by the official bond of the said Treasurer as public money, arid kept by him as a separate and distinct fund to be paid out only on the warrant of the said Board of School Commissioners; the said amount to be applied to the support of the City Schools, necessary expenses, and salaries, and the bal- ance to the building of school houses and repairs.” In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—. AN ACT TO ESTABLISH AND CHARTER McDANIEL’s FERRY ON SAVANNAH River IN EDGEFIELD County. ‘Sgcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State cf South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry be, and the same is hereby, established and chartered to reach across the Savannah River, at a point known as the old Kilcrease Ferry, in Washington Township, in Edgefield County, and that the said ferry be known as McDaniel’s Ferry, and be vested in Jasper McDaniel and his heirs and assigns for- ever; and that the following rates of toll be charged and collected and no more: For every horse and buggy, cach way, thirty cents; for every two horses and buggy, each way, forty cents; for one wagon and team of four horses, fifty cents each way ; for every two horse wagon, thirty-five cents each way; for one horse and cart, twenty cents each way; for two yoke of oxen and cart, twenty-five. cents each way; for three voke of oxen and cart, thirty-five cents each way; for four yoke of oxen, forty cents cach’ way; for man and horse, ten cents each way; for footman, five cents each way ; for led or loose horse or mule, ten cents each way; for all other kind of stock, three cents per head each way. LAW LIBRARY 

Src. 2. In any case where a greater sum is demanded than is prescribed in the first Section of this Act by any person having the management or care of said ferry, the person demanding or collecting such toll shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. and upon conviction in any Court of competent jurisdiction, shall r be fined ina sum not Jess than ten dollars and costs, and no ' wore than twenty-tive dollars and costs, or be imprisoned in the County jail for a period of not less than ten days nor more than thirty days. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and cighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. ©. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD. Governor. AN ACT To PUNISH ANY PERSON OR PERSONS WHO SHALL SELL OR DISPOSE OF ANY PERSONAL PROPERTY ON WHICH MORTGAGE OF ANY KIND MAY EXIST WITHOUT THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MORTGAGEE. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Sonth Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, any person or persons who shall sell or dispose of any personal property on which any mortgage or other lien exists, without the written consent of the mort- gagee or lienee, or the owner or holder of such mortgage or lien. and shall fail to pay the debt secured by the same within ten days after such sale or disposal, or shall fail in such time to de- posit the amount of the said debt with the Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas for the County in which the mortgage or lien debtor resides, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be imprisoned for a term not more than two years, or be fined not more than five hundred dollars, or both, in the disvretion of the Court: Provided, That the provisions of this Act shall not apply in cases of sales made 

without knowledge or notice of such mortgage or lien by the person so selling such property. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ee AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE TRUSTEES OF THE ESTATE OF Dr. Joun DELLA Howe, DECEASED, TO SUSPEND THE EXERCISES OF THE LETHE Farm ScHoon IN ABBEVILLE County, AND TO PROVIDE FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND BELONGING TO THE SAME. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting ing General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the trustees of the estate of Dr. John DeLa Howe, deceased, of the County of Abbeville, are hereby authorized and empow- ered to suspend the exercises of the institution known as the Lethe Farm School. Sec. 2. That the said trustees of the estate of Dr. John DeLa Howe, deceased, be, and are hereby, authorized to take all neces- sary precautions for the preservation of the funds belonging to said estate, and the protection of the property, both real and personal, pertaining thereto, and to manage the same in accord- ance with the regulations heretofore adopted so far as applicable, with power to sell such personal property as may be unneces- sary to retain after closing of the suid institution, on such terms as, in their judgment, may be most advantageous. Sec. 3. That the moneys belonging or coming to the estate, from the collection of debts due, principal or interest, or from the rents and profits of the land or other sources, shall be in- vested in good personal bonds secured by mortgage of real estate, or in bonds of the State of South Carolina, and the said trustees are hereby authorized to invest, re-invest, and change their investments, at such times as they may deem best to the interest of the fund. . Sec. 4. That the Treasurer of the said estate be required, as 

heretofore, to submit to the said trustees at their annual meet- ing. on the first Friday in November of each year, a sworn , Statement, showing the condition of the estate, all receipts and funds in hand and the sources whence derived, all amounts in- ‘vested and in what securities, with all expenditures made, to be audited and examined by the said trustees, and when approved y to be filed with the Judge of Probate of Abbeville County for - record, and a certified copy thereof forwarded by him to the next General Assembly as now required by law. Sec. 5: That the said trustees be authorized and directed to reopen, for the reception of poor children, and to carry on and conduct the said institution, under the trusts of the will of Dr. John DeLa Howe, deceased, whenever, in their judgment, a sufficient income for that purpose can be obtained from the funds of said estate without encroaching on the principal. Sec. 6. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand cight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To ALLOW THE STATE SUPERINTENDENT OF EDUCATION TO USE FIFTEEN HUNDRED (1,500) DOLLARS OF THE SUM RE- CEIVED FROM THE CHARLESTON CHARITABLE ASSOCIATION OF THE STATE OF SouTH CAROLINA, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE FrereE Scuoon FUND, FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONDUCTING Nor- MAL INSTITUTES DURING THE YEAR 1881. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of fifteen hundred (1,500) dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of the fund now in the State Treasury which was received from the fund arising under Section 3 of an Act entitled “An Act to establish the Charleston Charitable As- sociation of the State of South Carolina, for the benefit of the Free School fund,” approved March &, 1871, for the purpose ot 

aiding in conducting Normal Institutes in this State during the year, 1882, under the supervision of the State Superintendent of Education. Src. 2. That said sum of money shall be paid by the State Treasurer on the order of the State Superintendent of Edu- cation upon the warrant of the Comptroller General, and the said State Superintendent of Education shall account for the proper disbursement thereof, by filing proper vouchers with the Comptroller General before the meeting of the General Assem- bly in November, 1882. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, (Governor. ——— AN ACT TO PROVIDE ARTIFICIAL LIMBS FOR ALL SOLDIERS OF THE STATE WHO LOST THEIR LEGS OR ARMS, OR WHO HAVE BEEN PERMANENTLY DISABLED IN THEIR LEGS OR ARMS, DURING MILITARY SERVICE .IN THE YEARS 1861, 1862, 1863, 1864, AnD 1865, AND WHO HAVE NOT BEEN SUPPLIED UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF FORMER ACTS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY. ‘Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and bythe authority of the same, That the Governor, Comptroller General, and the Chairman of' the ixecutive Committce of the State Board of Health, be, and they are hereby, constituted a board to contract for and furnish to every citizen of this State, who lost a leg or arm in the late war, an artificial leg or arm to supply the place of the one lost, as authorized in the Act passed on the 24th of December, 1879, and all Acts amendatory thereof: Provided, That the applicant shall furnish a certificate from the Clerk of the Court of his County, verified by the oath of three disinterested persons inti- mately acquainted with the applicant for the two years last past before his application, showing that he is a citizen of this State, and that he was in the military service of the State of 2 A&R 

South Carolina, or of the Confederate States, at the time of the loss of such limb, or at the time he became permanently dis- abled either in his leg or arm: Provided, further, That the pro- visions of this Act shall extend to, and provide for, all cases where the leg or arm has not been amputated, but has been permanently ‘disabled, the facts of which must be. made to ap- pear, (at the time of the application,) by the affidavit of two re- spectable physicians, in addition to the certificate of the Clerk of his County, and the affidavit of three disinterested persons as to his citizenship, and as to the time and place of his becom. ing so disabled: Provided, further, That any such applicant: may elect to take in money the price of such artificial limbs. Src. 2. That to carry out the provisions of the foregoing Sec- tion of this Act, three thousand dollars, if so much be necessary. And to authorize be, and the same is hereby, appropriated. payment to any applicant coming within the provisions of the same, the Comptroller General is hereby authorized to draw his warrant on the Treasurer in favor of such applicant. Sec. 3. That it shall not be lawful for any person of the class described in this Act, who has already received an artificial lez or arm from this State, or any other State, or from the United States, or who has received from this State money in place of such artificial leg or arm, to receive any thing more under the provisions of this Act. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. ° . J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD., Governor. -_—— — AN ACT To AMEND AN AcT, RATIFIED 22p Auaust, 1868, ENTI- TLED “AN ACT TO REGULATE THE MANNER OF KEEPING ANI: ” DISBURSING FUNDS BY CERTAIN OFFICERS, SAID AMENDMENT BEING THE REPEAL OF SECTION 3 OF SAID ACT WHICH REQUIRES THAT THE SIGNATURE OF THE GOVERNOR OF THE STATE SILALL BE AFFIXED TO CERTAIN CHECKS DRAWN BY THE STATE TREAS. URER. Be tt enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Genera! 

Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 3 of an Act, ratified 22d August. 1868, entitled “An Act to regulate the manner of keeping and disbursing funds by certain officers,” be, and the same is hereby, repealed—the said Section 3 so repealed reading as follows: “The Treasurer shall not draw any moneys from such banks, unless by checks subscribed by him as Treasurer and countersigned by the Governor; and no moneys shall be paid by either of the said banks on account of the Treasury except upon such checks.” In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——e AN ACT To REPEAL Section Four (4) or an AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO REGULATE THE APPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION OF TRIAL Justices AND CONSTABLES IN THE County or Bary- WELL,” APPROVED Marcu 127TH, 1878, AND TO FURTHER PRO- VIDE FOR THEIR PAY. Sxction 1. Be ‘t enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- Kentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section four (4) of an Act entitled “An Act to regulate the ap- pointment and compensation of Trial Justices and Constables in the County of Barnwell.” approved March 12th, 1878, be, and the same is hereby. repealed. and that said Trial Justices and Constables in the said County of Barnwell be paid their fees in accordance with the terms of Sections 7 and 8 of an Act ap- proved February 20th, 1880, from date of its approval. Sec. 2. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent or repug- nant to this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day ot) December, one thousand eight hundred and cighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT to avruorize Artuur B. Ross, St. JuLizen RAVENEL, AND ARTHUR R.:GUERARD TO CONSTRUCT A PRIVATE RAILROAD OR TRAMWAY ALONGSIDE THE PUBLIC ROAD LEADING FROM Ber’s Ferry to RANTOWLE’S FROM THE PLANTATION KNOWN AS THE GRIMKE TRACT IN Sv. ANDREW'S ParisH To ASHLEY RIVER OR SOME INTERMEDIATE POINT. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Arthur B. Rose, St. Julien Ravenel, and Arthur R. Guerard be, , and the same are hereby, authorized to construct a railroad or tramway from their plantation known as the “Grimke Tract’ ‘in St. Andrew’s Parish in the County of Charleston to the Ashley River or to some intermediate point, and for that pur- pose to lay their track along and across any public highway : Provided, That such precaution be taken as to offer no hin- drance to the public use of such highway, and that the said Arthur B. Rose, St. Julien Ravenel, and Arthur R. Guerard ‘keep in good order the public road alongside of their track at their own expense so long as the said public road is used by said persons for the purposes aforesaid. Sec. 2. That this Act shall take effect from and immediately after its passage. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of’ the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To RENEW AND EXTEND THE CHARTER OF THE RoMAN CatTHoLic CATHEDRAL OF St. FInpar. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter heretofore granted to the Roman Catholic Cathedral of St. Fin- 

bar, in the city of Charleston, and State aforesaid, be, and the same is hereby, revived, renewed, and extended, and continued until repealed, with all the rights, powers, and privileges here- tofore granted; and the official transactions of the vestry and corporators since the.expiration of its previous charter, so far as consistent with the powers granted thereby, shall be legal and valid to all intents and purposes. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ae AN ACT To AavuTHORIZE THE CouNTY CoMMISSIONERS OF KER- sHAW COUNTY TO DISPOSE OF THE PROPERTY OF THE WatTeEREE Free BripGkE, AND THE FERRY AT THE SAME POINT, OR EITHER OF THEM. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State qf South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the County Commissioners of Kershaw County, and they are hereby authorized and em- powered, to sell, dispose of, and make sufficient titles for the property, rights, and franchises of the bridge formerly across the Wateree River, near Camden, and known as the Wateree Free Bridge, and the Ferry at the same point now owned and operated by said County, or either of them. Sec. 2. That said County Commissioners shall give one month’s public notice of their intention to sell said bridge and and ferry, or either of them, and shall sell and dispose of the same at the highest price and upon the best terms for the County that they can obtain, and shall apply the proceeds of said sale to the payment of any debt that may be due by Ker- shaw County on account of the construction of the Wateree Free Bridge. 

Src. 3. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent herewith be, and the samo are hereby, repealed In the Senate House. the seventeenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J.D KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representative Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —— AN ACT To REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE Crty CouNcIL OF CHARLESTON TO ISSUE SEVEN PER CENT. COUPON BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF TAKING UP OVERDUE STOCK OF THE SAID CITY.” Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives ef the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- tled “An Act to authorize the City Council of Charleston to issue seven per cent. coupon bonds for the purpose of taking up overdue stock of the said city,” approved March 16th, 187-4, be and the same is hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ea . AN ACT TO AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE MEDICAL COLLEGE OF THE STATE OF SouTH CAROLINA Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of the Medical College of the State of South Carolina be, and the same is hereby, amended so that the Trustees and Faculty 

of the Medical College of the State of South Carolina shall have power and authority to establish a ‘Department of Pharmacy in the said Medical College, and to appoint professors and instruc. | tors, and to confer degrees in pharmacy on such persons as may ¢ have attended lectures in the said college and may be recom- mended by the faculty of said department, and such other per- sons as they may propose, upon such terms, conditions, rules. and regulations in relation to the said department as shall be from time to time made by the said Board .of Trustees and Faculty of the Medical College aforesaid, and the said Depart- ment of Pharmacy, to maintain, modify, suspend, or abolish at their discretion: Provided, That the instructor in practical pharmacy in such department shall always be nominated by the Pharmaceutical Association of the State of South Carolina and approved by the Board of Trustees and Faculty of the Medical College of the State of South Carolina. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE GOVERNOR TO AP- PoInT A TRIAL JUSTICE RESIDENT IN OR NEAR THE TOWN OF GREER’S. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That in addition to the number of Trial Justices now allowed by law, for the Counties of Greenville and Spartanburg, his Excellency ¢ the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to appoint a Trial Justice resident in or near the town of Greer's, situated on the line of said Counties. Src. 2. That the jurisdiction of such Trial Justice shall ex- tend over both the Counties of Greenville and Spartanburg to the limit of five miles in each and every direction from the depot of the Atlanta and Charlotte Air Line Railway in said town of Greer’s. 

Src. 3. That the Trial Justice so appointed shall receive the same compensation as now allowed by law for Trial Justices for Greenville County. In the Senate House, the soventednth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty one. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO PROVIDE PUNISHMENT FOR WILFUL OR MALICIOUS IN— JURY TO BRIDGES ON PUBLIC ROADS. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State ot South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of February next any person or -persons who shall wilfully or maliciously injure or destroy, by floating rafts or in any other manner, any bridge on any public roads in this State, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum not less than fifty nor more than five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned not less than thirty nor more than ninety days, in the discretion of the Court: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall affect the right of action for damages in a civil suit against the person or persons so in- juring or destroying any such bridge. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House ot’ Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To REGULATE THE LICENSING OF PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, A per- son shall not practise physic or surgery, for compensation, within the State, unless he is twenty-one years of age, andy either has been heretofore authorized so to do, pursuant to the laws in force at the time of his authorization, or is hereafter authorized to do so by subsequent Sections of this Act. Sec. 2. Every person now lawfully engaged in the practice of physic and surgery within the State shall, on or before the lst day of June, 1882, and every person hereafter duly authorized to practise physic and surgery, shall, before commencing to practise, register in the Clerk’s office of the County where he is practising or intends to commence the practice of physic and surgery, in a book to be kept by said Clerk, his name, residence, and place of birth, together witb his authority for so practising physic and surgery as prescribed in this Act. The person so registering shall subscribe and verify by oath or affirmation, before a person duly qualified to administer oaths under the laws of the State, an affidavit containing such facts, and whether such authority is by diploma or license, and the date of the same, and by whom granted, which, if wilfully false, 4 shall subject the affiant to conviction and punishment for per- jury. The County Clerk to receive a. fee of (25) twenty-five cents for such registration, to be paid by the person so regis- tering. Sec. 3. A person who violates either of the two preceding Sections of this Act, or who shall practise physic or surgery under cover of a diploma illegally obtained, is guilty of a mis- demeanor, punishable by fine not less than ($50) fifty dollars, nér more than ($200) two hundred dollars for the first offence, and each subsequent offence by a fine not less than ($100) one hundred dollars, or by imprisonment for not less than (30) thirty days, nor more than (90) ninety days, or both. The fine, when collected, shall be paid, the one-half to the person or corporation making the complaint, the other half into the County treasury. Sec. 4. A person coming to the State may be licensed to prac- tise physic or surgery, or either, within the State, in the follow- ing manners If he has a diploma conferring upon him the 

degree of Doctor of Medicine, issued by an incorporated Uni- versity, Medical College, or Medical School, without the State, he shall exhibit the same to the faculty of some incorporated medical college, vr the Medical Board of the State, with satis- factory evidence of his good moral character, and such other evidence, if any, of his qualifications as a physician and sur- geon, as said medical college or Medical Board may require. If his diploma and qualifications are approved by them, then they shall endorse sdid diploma, which shall make it, for the purpose of his license to practise medicine and surgery within this State, the same as if issued by them. This applicant shall pay to the Dean of said Faculty, or Medical Board, the sum of twenty ($20) dollars for such examination and endorsement. The endorsed diploma shall authorize him to practise physic and surgery within the State, upon his complying with the provisions of Section two (2) of this Act. Sec. 5. The Medical Board referred to in the previous Section shall be composed of the physicians and surgeons constituting the local Board of Health in various Counties of the State—the local Board of Health for each County having jurisdiction over all matters contrary to this Act occurring within its borders. The money paid by the applicant to the Dean of said Medical College or the Medical Board shall be given to the Treasurer of the State Board of Health, to be used for sanitary purposes. Sec. 6. The degree of Doctor of Medicine, lawfully conferred by any medical college or university in this State, shall be a license to practise physic and surgery within the State, after the person to whom it is granted shall have complied with Sec- tion (2) two of this Act. Sec. 7. Nothing in this Act shall apply to commissioned med- ical officers of the United States Army or Navy, or the United States Marine Hospital Service. Sec. 8. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT For THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO ANIMALS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House. of ‘Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Who- ever overloads, overdrives, overworks, tortures, torments, need- lessly mutilates, cruelly kills, ill treats, or whoever deprives of necessary sustenance or shelter, or whoever inflicts unnecessary pain or suffering upon any animal, or whoever causes the same to be done, whether such person be the owncr thereof or have the charge or custody of the same, shall, for every such offence, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by imprisonment in jail not exceeding thirty (30) days, or by fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Src. 2. Every owner, possessor, or person having the charge or custody of any animal, who cruelly drives or works the same when unfit for labor, or cruelly abandons the same, or who .carries the same or causes the same to be carried in or upon any vehicle or otherwise in an unnecessarily cruel or inhuman man- ner, or knowingly or wilfully authorizes or permits the same to be subjected to unnecessary torture, suffering, or cruelty of any kind, shall for every such offence be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished for every such offence in the manner pre- scribed in Section one (1). Sec. 3. No railroad company in the carrying or transportation of animals, shall overload the cars, nor permit the animals to be confined in cars for a longer period than twenty-eight consecu- tive hours without unloading the same for rest, water, and feed- ing, for a period of at least five consecutive hours, unless pre- vented from so unloading by storm or other accidental causes beyond the control of such railroad company. In estimating such confinement, the time during which the animals have been ‘confined without such rest on connecting roads from which they are received shall be included ; it being the intent of this Act to prohibit their continuous confinement beyond the period of twenty-eight hours, except upon contingencies hereinbefore stated. Animals so unloaded shall be properly fed, watered, and sheltered during such rest by the owner or person having the custody thereof, or, in case of his default in so doing, then by the railroad company transporting the same, at the expense of the owner or person in custody thereof; and the said .com- pany shall, in such case, have a lien upon such animals for food, care, and custody furnished, and shall not be liable for any de- 

tention of such animals authorized by this Act. Any company, owner, or custodian of such animals who shall fail to comply with the provisions of this Section shall, for each and every such offence, be liable for and fortvit and pay a penalty of not less than fifty nor more than five hundred dollars in any Court of competent jurisdiction: Provided, however, That when animal- shall be carried in cars in which they can and do have proper food, water, space, and opportunity for rest, the foregoing pro- visions in regard to their being unloaded shall not apply. Sec. 4. Any person found violating the laws in relation to cruelty to animals may be arrested and held without warrant. in the same manner as in the case of persons found breaking the peace; and the person making the arrest, with or without war- rant, shall use reasonable diligence to give notice thereof to the owner of the animals found in the charge or custody of the person arrested, and shall properly care and provide for such animals until the owner thereof shall take charge of the same: Provided, The owner shall take charge of the same within fifteen days from the date of such notice. And the person making such arrest shall have a lien on said animals for the expense of such care and provision. Sec. 5. When complaint is made on oath, or affirmation, to any Magistrate authorized to issue warrants in criminal cases. } that the complainant believes, and has reasonable cause to be- lieve, that the laws in relation to cruelty to animals have been or are being violated in any particular building or place, such Magistrate, if satisfied that there is reasonable cause for such belief, shall issue a scarch warrant authorizing any Sheriff. Deputy Sheriff. Deputy State Constable, Constable, or Police officer, to search such building or place; but no such search shall be made after sunset unless specially authorized by the Magistrate, upon satisfactory cause shown. Sec. 6. In this Act the word “animal” or “animals” shall be J held to include all brute creatures; and the words “owner.” “person,” and “whoever,” shall be held to include corporations las well as individuals ; and the knowledge and acts of agents ot and persons employed by corporations, in regard to animals transported. owned, or employed by or in the custody of such corporations, shall be held to be the acts and knowledge of sucb corporation. Sec. 7. It shall be the duty of all Sheriffs, Deputy Sheriffs. ' Deputy State Constables, Constables, and Police officers, to pro- secute all violations of the provisions of this Act which shall 

come to their notice or knowledge ; and all fines collected upon complaint or information for violation of this Act shall inure and be paid over, one-half to the South Carolina Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, in aid of the benevolent ob- jects for which it was incorporated. Sec. 8. All penalties, fines, and costs incurred by reasons of violations of Sections one, two, three, and four, shall constitute and be a lien upon such animal or animals so cruelly used. Sec. 9. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——_—__— AN ACT TO LIMIT THE NUMBER OF TRIAL JUSTICES RESIDING IN THE Court House TowNnsHIP OF CHESTER CoUuNTY TO ONE, AND TO FIX HIS COMPENSATION AND THE COMPENSATION OF HIS CONSTABLE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act there shall be appointed one and only one Trial Justice residing in the Court House Town- ship in the County of Chester. Sec. 2. That the said Trial Justice shall receive from the said County a salary of two hundred dollars per annum, payable quarterly, which shall be in lieu of all tees in criminal cases. Sec. 3, That the said Trial Justice shall receive from the said County, in addition to his said salary, the sum of one hundred dollars per annum payable quarterly, if so much be necessary, to be used by him in compensating the person or persons appointed or employed by him as constables, and such constable shall not receive any sum from the said County or from any person for any service rendered by him in any criminal cause under such appointment or employment except as herein provided. 

Sec. 4. That the said Trial Justice shall collect and pay over to the County Treasurer all costs in criminal causes to which he or the constable appointed or employed by him would have been entitled but for the provisions of this Act. Sec. 5. That all Acts and parts of Acts, inconsistent with this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —— AN ACT For THE BETTER PROTECTION OF THE POLES AND WIRES OF TELEGRAPH, TELEPHONE, AND ELECTRIC LIGHT. Be tt enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That any person who shall wilfully or unlawfully injure, damage, or destroy any pole or wire of any telegraph, telephone, or electric light company in this State, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding thirty days, or both, in the discretion of the Court or a Trial Justice. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——— AN ACT 0 AUTHORIZE A CONDITIONAL SALE OF CERTAIN LAND ON Episto Isuanp. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly,-and by. the authority of the same, That the Commis- 

sioners of the Sinking Fund are hereby authorized to sell and convey to Carl Berlin, his heirs and assigns, for the sum of five hundred dollars, all that tract of land on Edisto Island, contain. 4 ing one acre more or less, purchased by the State from J. Evans Edings. and now known a& “Steamboat Landing :” Provided." however, and it shall be taken and considered as a part and con- tinuing condition of the said conveyance that the said Landing shall always be and remain a public landing, open to the use of any and all persons, without discrimination. upon payment of the usual rates of wharfage and storage as now allowed by law; and further, That the said Carl Berlin, his heirs and assigns, shall aiways keop and maintain thereon, in good order, a suita- ble wharf and storehouse for the use and accommodation of the public: And provided further, That the conveyance herein authorized, shall be subject, in all respects, to the terms of a certain lease made by the State of South Carolina to John’ Wright, bearing date the 28th January, A. D. 1870. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SUEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. - JOINSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO CONFORM ALL SPECIAL ACTS OF INCORPORATION TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE RESPECTING THE LIABILITIES OF STOCKHOLDERS THEREIN.” Whereas. doubts have arisen whether the terms of “An Act to conform all special Acts of incorporation to the provisions of the Constitution of the State respecting the liabilities of stock- holders therein,” approved February 20th, 1880, apply only to corporations chartered under special Acts of incorporation, or whether they apply also to those issued under any general incorporation laws of this State; now, for the removing any uncertainty, Section J. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the title of an Act to conform all special Acts of incorporation 

to the provisions of the Constitution of the State respecting the liabilities of stockholders therein, approved February 20th. 1880, be, and the same is hereby, amended by inserting after the word “incorporation,” where it occurs in the said title. the words “and all charters issued under any general incorporation laws of this State,” so that the title to the said Act shall read as follows: “An Act to conform all special Acts of incorpora- tion, and all charters issued under any general incorporation laws of this State. to the provisions of the Constitution of the State respecting the liabilitics of stockholders therein.” Sec. 2. That the first clause of Section 1 of the said Act he amended by striking out the word “Section,” in the fourth line of the said Section, as printed in the 17th Volume of the Stat- utes at Large of this State. on page 284, and inserting in licu thereof the word “clause,” and by inserting after the word “ State,” in the sixth line of the said Section, the words “ either general or special,” and by inserting after the words “Act of Assembly,” in the eighth line thereof, the words “ cither general or special;” so that the first clause of the said Section, as amended, shall read as follows: “ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the following clause shall constitute a part of the charter of every corporation already in existence under Act of Assem- bly of this State, either general or special, passed since the adoption of the present Constitution, or which may be at any time hereafter created under or by virtue of any Act of Assem- bly, either general or special, unless some other liability sball be or has been imposed on the stockholders thereof under such charter, in which case the liability shall be only such as is specified in such charters.” Src. 3. That the said Act be further amended by adding as Section 3 thereof the following: “That the foregoing provi- sions shall be tuken and considered as the only liability imposed upon stockholders in any corporation incorporated under any general incorporation laws of this State.” In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT TO REQUIRE OWNERS AND KEEPERS OF TOLL BRIDGES WITHIN THE STATE TO KEEP SUFFICIENT LIGHT OR LIGHTS BY NIGHT ON SAID BRIDGES SO AS TO ENABLE PERSONS TRAVEL- LING TO SEE THEIR WAY OVER SAID BRIDGES. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That on and after the passing of this Act, every toll bridge within this State shall be furnished at night by the owners of the franchise or the keepers of the said bridges, respectively, with sufficient light or lights to enable persons travelling over the same to see their way and to avoid danger. Sxc. 2. That if any person or persons travelling dver any of the said bridges at night, shall, in any way, be injured, in person or property, for want of sufficient light, as herein provided for, the owner or owners of said bridge, whether an individual or a corporation, shall be liable to any person or persons so injured, as aforesaid, either in person or property, for all damages such person or persons may sustain, to be recovered in any Court of the State having competent jurisdiction. Src. 3. Any person violating the provisions of Section 1 of this Act shall also be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. Sec. 4. This Act shall take effect next. on the first day of January In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGGOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE NEWS AND CouRIER COMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That B. R. Riordan, Francis W. Dawson, J. Swinton Baynard, and their associates and successors, are hereby made and constituted a body Politic and corporate, under the name and style of “The 

News and Courier Company,” for the purpose of manufacturing, printing, issuing, publishin binding, furnishing, selling, and disposing of sundry paper articles and fabrics, such as journals, newspapers, periodicals, pamphlets, books, stationery, ledgers, books of account, and generally everything usually produced by a general and job, stationery, paper manufactory, printing and publishing company; and also for making all machinery, tools, and implements, necessary to be used in and for the pur- poses aforesaid, with the right to build all such buildings, ma- chine-shops, stores, offices, dwellings, and other works, as may be required in or necessary to carry on the manufactures and business aforesaid Sc. 2. That the said corporation shall have perpetual succes- sion of officers and members, according to its by-laws; and shall have power to make rules and by-laws, not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have and use a common seal, and the same to alter at will; to sue and be sued; to plead and be im- pleaded in any Court to have and enjoy every right and power incident to such corporation ; and it is hereby empowered to take, hold, retain, possess, and enjoy all such property, real and personal, which may be given, bequeathed, or devised to it or may be acquired by purchase, or in any other manner, by said corporation Src. 3. That the said corporation may, from time to time, invest its funds, moneys, assets, and all other property which it may acquire, in such real or personal property or securities as it may deem proper; and it shall and may be lawful for said cor- poration, from time to time, and at all times, to sell, convey mortgage, assign, or transfer any or all of its property, real and personal, and of ever kind, and to make all necessary con- tracts. Sxc. 4. The capital of said corporation shall be subscribed in full by the parties aforesaid, and such others as they shall asso- ciate with themselves, and shall be one hundred thousand dol- lars, in two hundred shares of five hundred dollars each: Pro- vided, however, That a majority. of the stockholders of the said corporation shall have the power of increasing such capital stock to any amount not exceeding five hundred thousand dol- lars, and of decreasing the same to any amount not less than twenty-five thousand dollars, whenever they see fit to do 80; and the said corporation shall, by its by-law provide for the diminishing and raising and distributing such capital stock Src. 5. Each stockholder in the said corporation, in addition to 

the loss of the sum paid upon the stock subscribed for or held by him, shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the sbare or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year, and that the proceedings to hold such stock- holders liable therefor shall be commenced within one year after such debt may have become due. and whilst he remain a stockholder therein, or within one year after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder Provided, further. That no per- son holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity shall be liable thereon be- yond the value of the estate held by hith as such executor, ad ministrator or trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity Sec. 6. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he may own or rep- resent, at all elections and meetings of the Company; and the said corporation shall have authority to make in its by-laws such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representa- tion by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such elections and meetings Src The capital stock of the said corporation shall be deemed personal property ; and the said corporation shall have authority, in its by-laws, to make all such regulations as may be deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transfer of such stock, or for collecting and enforcing, by sale or otherwise all subscriptions made thereto. Sec. 8. That any fraudulent misrepresentation as to the capi- tal, property, and resources of such corporation, shall be deemed a misdemeanor. Src. 9. This Act shall be deemed and ealeen as a public Act, and shall take effect from the date of its passage In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th. A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT ro atruorize THE City CoUNCIL OF CHARLESTON TO IMPOSE A LICENSE TAX ON ALL PERSONS ENGAGED IN ANY BUSI- NESS, TRADE, OR PROFESSION, IN THE CITY OF CHARLESTON. . - Wuereas, by an inadvertence in an Act entitled “An Act to regulate the assessment and taxation of personal property in the city of Charleston,” approved March Ist, 1870, it has been questioned whether the intent of the said Act to empower the City Council of Charleston to impose a license tax on persons engaged in business in the city of Charleston can be accom- : plished: Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep- resentatives of the State of South Carolina; now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the City Council of Charleston be, and are hereby, authorized to require the payment of such sum or sums of money, not exceeding five hundred dollars, for license or licenses, as in their judgment be just and wise, by any person . or persons engaged, or intending to engage, in any calling, busi- ness, or profession, in whole or in part, within the’ limits of the city of Charleston, except those engaged in the calling or pro- fession of teachers and ministers of the gospel. Sec. 2. The said City Council of Charleston is hereby author- ‘ized to pass such Ordinances as are necessary to carry the in- tent and purposes of this Act into full effect. Sec. 3. That this Act shall take effect from the date of its ap- proval. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of a presentatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO PREVENT THE City CouNcIL OF CHARLESTON IN- CREASING THE DEBT OF THE CITY OF CHARLESTON EXCEPT IN THE MANNER HEREIN PRESCRIBED. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and 

after the approval of this Act it shall not be lawful for the City Council of Charleston to create any debt beyond the municipal income of the current year, or to indorse or guarantee the notes bonds, or obligations, or accept the drafts of any company, cor- poration, person, or persons, for any purpose wHatsoever, unless the following terms and conditions be first observed and com- plied with: First. A resolution declaring the intention of the said City Council to create such indebtedness, or incur such liability, and 4 specifying the amount thereof, shall first be passed at a regular meeting of the said City Council by a vote of two-thirds of the whole body. Second, That the proposition, after being adopted in eueli manner by the said City Council, shall be submitted to the qualified voters of the city of Charleston at an election to be held under resolution of the said City Council after ninety days notice thereof; and should two-thirds of the number of qualified voters voting at the preceding municipal election vote affirma- tively at said election, the proposition shall then be submitted to the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina for ap- proval and should the proposition be approved by the said General Assembly, the said City Council of Charleston shall have the authority to create the debt or incur the liability That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act have be, and the same are hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —— AN ACT To RENEW THE CHARTER OF THE CHARLESTON City RatL- way CoMPANY, oF SoutH CAROLINA Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act passed on the twenty-eighth day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled “An Act to incorporate the Charleston 

City Railway Company, of South Carolina,” be. and the same is hereby, renewed, and shall continue in force for the term o twenty-one years from the expiration of the said Act of eigh- teen hundred and sixty-one. In the Senate House, the seventeeth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatiyes. Approved December 17th. A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ~_—_——_—. AN ACT to REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT GIVING AUTHOR- ITY TO THE CITY Councin OF CHARLESTON TO PROCEED IN THE MATTER OF A FIRE LOAN WITH A VIEW TO AID IN BUILDING UP THE CITY ANEW,” RATIFIED THE 19TH DAY OF SEPTEMBER, 1866. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- tled “An Act giving authority to the City Council of Charles- ton to proceed in the matter of a fire loan with a view to aid in building up the city anew,” ratiticd the 19th day of September, A. D. 1866, be, and the same is hereby, repealed. - In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE CHARLESTON SAVINGS INSTITUTION. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an 

Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the Charleston Savings Institution,” approved December 24th, 1880, be. and the same is hereby, amended, by inserting after the word “Charleston,” on the fourth line of the third Section of the said Act, the words “or other safe securities.” Src. 2. That this Act shall take effect from and immediately after its passage. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO REPEAL 80 MUCH OF AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO PRESCRIBE THE MODE AND TERMS UPON WHICH THE City Coun- CIL OF CHARLESTON MAY SUBSCRIBE TO THE CAPITAL STOCK OF RAILROADS, PLANK ROADS, AND CANAL COMPANIES, AND TO CONFIRM THE SUBSCRIPTIONS HERETOFORE MADE BY THEM,” AS RELATES TO THE MODE AND TERMS UPON WHICH SUCH SUBSCRIP- TIONS SHALL BE MADE. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Sections one and two of an Act entitled “An Act to prescribe the mode and terms upon which the City Council of Charleston may subscribe to the capital stock of Railroads, Plank Roads, and Canal Com- panies, and to confirm the subscriptions heretofore made by them,” ratified the 21st day of December, A. D. 1854, be and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY. President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT tro REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE Crty CouNCIL OF CHARLESTON TU ISSUE 8IK PER CENT. COUPON BONDs FOR THE PURPOSE OF TAKING UP OVER-DUE STOCK OF THE SAID CITY.” Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives : of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General » Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- tled “An Act to authorize the City Council of Charleston to issue six per cent. coupon bonds for the purpose of taking up over-due stock of the said city,” approved March 12th, 1878, be, and the same is hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December, 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE MERCHANTS’ AND PLANTERS’ TRANSPORTATION COMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Clinton C. Townsend, Carl Berlin, David Lopez, and F. W. Scheper, and all and every other person or persons hereafter becoming members of the Merchants’ and Planters’ Transpor- tation Company, their successors and assigns, are hereby de- clared a body politic and corporate, under the style and name -of the Merchants’ and Planters’ Transportation Company, and by that title shall have perpetual succession, and be capable in law to carry on and conduct the business of towing, transport- ing passengers, produce, manufactured goods 1S gerieral merchan- dise, and any other freight in the rivers of the Southern States. along the Atlantic seaboard, and the high seas in general, and to purchase, use, hold, let, improve, and dispose of such real and personal property, as may be necessary for the objects of this incorporation ; and may sue and be sued, plead and be im- pleaded, answer and be answered unto, defend and be defended 

in all Courts; and may receive and make all deeds, transfers, covenants, grants, agreements and bargains whatsoever neces- sary for the said purposes; and may have and use a common seal, which they shall have power to renew or alter at pleasure ; to make such by-laws for the government of said corporation asx are consistent with this Act and the laws and Constitution of this State and of the United States; and, generally, may do every act or thing necessary to carry into effect the provisions of this Act and promote the objects and designs of said company as authorized by this Act. Src, 2. The parties aforesaid shall have power to raise by subscription a capital for the said corporation of fifteen thousand dollars, in one hundred and fifty shares of one hundred dollars each: Provided, however, That a majority of the Board of Di- rectors of the said corporation shall have the power of increas- ing the said capital stock to any extent not exceeding two hun- dred thousand dollars, whenever they deem proper so to do; and the said corporation, shall, by its by-laws, provide for the manner of raising and distributing such additional capital stock. Sec. 3. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in au amount, besides the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him, at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Pro- vided,-That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholde1 liable therefor, shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 4. That any fraudulent misrepresentation of the capital, property and resources of said company by any officer or mem- ber thereof shall be deemed a misdemeanor, and be punished by fine and imprisonment, or either, at the discretion of the Court. Src. 5. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he may own or rep- resent at all elections and all meetings of the company ; and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representa- 

tion by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such elections and meetings. Sec. 6. The capital stock of the said corporation shall be deemed personal property ; and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make all such regulations as may be deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transfer of such stock, or for collecting and enforcing, by sale or otherwise. all subscription made thereto. Src. 7. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall contirue in force for the term of thirty (30) years, and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly mevting next thereafter. In the Senate House, the seventeenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 17th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _—__—. . AN ACT To PROHIBIT THE SALE OF ARDENT SPIRITS WITHIN THE towns oF LitrLe Rock, 1n Marion County, AnD Bettoy, IN ANDERSON CouNnTY, AND WITHIN TWO MILES OF THE COR- PORATE LIMITS THEREOF. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and _ sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the sale of ardent spirits or intoxicating liquors of any kind in the town of Little ‘Rock, in Marion County, and the town of Belton, in Andereon County, and within two miles of the corpor- ate limits of either of said towns, is hereby prohibited, except by a druggist, upon the prescription of a physician in attend- ance upon a patient ; and it shall not be lawful for the corpor- ate authorities of said towns or County Commissioners of the Counties of Marion and Anderson to issue any license for such purpose. Sec. 2. That upon the conviction of any one who sball violate the provisions of this Act, he, she, or they shall be punished by a fine not exceeding fifty dollars or imprisonment in the County jail not exceeding six months at the discretion of the Court. 

Sec. 3. This Act shall be deemed a public Act to take effect immediately after its passage. Sec. 4. That so much of all Acts as is inconsistent with the provisions of this Act be, and the same is hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker Iouse of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To REGULATE THE TIME OF HOLDING THE Circuit Courts OF THE FourtuH Circuit. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate und House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the aythority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act the Circuit Courts of the Fourth Circuit shall be held as follows: The Court of General Sessions tor the County of Chesterfield, at Chesterfield Court House, on the third Monday of February, the fourth Munday of May, and the third Monday of Septem- ber; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same places, on the Wednesdays following the third Monday of February and the third Monday of September. The Court of General Sessions for the County of Marlboro, at Bennettsville, on the fourth Monday of February, the Mon- day after the fourth Monday of May, and the fourth Monday of September; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the fourth Mondays of February and September. + The Court of General Sessions for the County of Darlington, at Darlington Court House, on the first Monday after the fourth Monday of February, the second Monday after the fourth Mon- day of May, and the fourth Monday after the fourth Monday of September; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the first Monday after the fourth Monday of February, and the fourth Monday after the fourth Monday of September. 

The Court of General Sessions for the County of Marion, at Marion Court House, on the fourth Monday after the fourth Monday of February, the third Monday after the fourth Mon- day of May, and the first Monday after the fourth Monday of September; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the fourth Monday after the fourth Monday of February, and the first Monday after the fourth Monday of September. The Court of General Sessions for the County of Horry, at Conwayboro, on the third Monday after the fourth Monday of February, the fourth Monday after the fourth Monday of May, to continue for three hours, if so long be necessary, and the third Monday after the fourth Monday of September; and the Courts of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the fourth Monday after the fourth Monday of Feb- ruary, and-the third Monday after the fourth Monday of Sep- tember. That all process for the terms of the Courts in the respective Counties provided for in this Section shall be made returnable according to the respective times herein set forth, and all per- sons under recognizance to appear at any term of the Court of the respective Counties herein named shall appear at the respec- tive times herein fixed for the holding of said Courts. anything in any such recognizance contained to the contrary notwith- standing. Src. 2. That the business of the Court “of General Sessions shall have precedence in the respective Counties of the Circuit, and this Act shall not be so construed as to terminate the Court of General Sessions before the business thereof is disposed of; nor shall it be so construed as to prevent the opening of the Court of Common Pleas for the purpose of hearing causes. by consent of parties before the times herein fixed for the opening of the Court of Common Pleas. And the presiding Judge of any of said Courts is hereby authorized to open the| Court of Common Pleas, and to try, by consent of parties, at| any time between the days on which said Circuit Courts open nd close, any civil action in the same manner, and with the sare effect, i as if said action should be tried at a regular term of the Court of Common Pleas: Provided, That nothing in this Se¢tion con- tained shall be construed to extend the June Term of ‘the Court of General Sessions for the County of Horry. ‘ Sec. 3. It shall and may be lawful for the presiding Judge, at any term of the Courts herein provided for, to. open\ the Court 

of Common Pleas, Call-calendar six, and to sign judgments by default, at such time or times us he may deem advisable for the dispatch of business, any law, rule, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Sec. 4. So much of all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. Sec. 5. This Act shall take effect from the date of its approval. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker ‘House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To pRovIDE A GENERAL Stock Law AND REGULATE THE OPERATIONS OF THE SAME. Srcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of: South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for the owner or manager of any horse, mule, ass, genet, swine, sheep, goat, or neat cattle of any de- scription, or for any other person, to permit the said animals or any of them, or any other domestic animal to run at large be- yond the limits of his own land or the lands leased, occupied, or controlled by him: Provided, That the several Counties herein- after excepted shall erect good and sufficient line fences and necessary gates between them and the Counties not so excepted ; and for the purpose of carrying out the requirements of this proviso, the County Commissioners of the soveral Counties hereinafter excepted, be, and they are hereby, authorized and required to arrange for and have the necessary line fences erected as herein provided by the first day of April, A. D 1882. The Counties so excepted hereunder are Georgetown, Horry, and Williamsburg: Provided, That Lynch’s River on one side and Santee on the other be deemed, and are hereby declared, a lawful fence for Williamsburg County on two sides of said County: Provided, That where a stream of water which in law is a sufficient fence is a boundary line, no additional fence shall be required along such line: And, provided, further, That Little 

Peedee River and Lumber River, the Great Peedee River, Bull Creek, and the Waccamaw River to be the Georgetown line, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared, to be a sufficient boundary fence for Horry County so far as those rivers extend SEc That whenever any of said stock or animals shall be \- found upon the lands of any other person than the owner or manager of the same, the owner of such trespassing stock shall be liable for all damages sustained, and for the expenses of seizure and maintenance, the said damages and expenses to be recovered, when necessary, by action in any Court of competent jurisdiction ; and the said trespassing stock shall be held liable for the same in preference to all other liens, claims, or encum- brances upon it Sec. 3. That any freeholder or tenant of land, his agent or representative, may seize and hold possession of any of the foregoing animals which may be trespassing upon his premises and as compensation for such seizure, may demand of the owner for every horse, mule, ass, genet, bull, ox, cow, calf, or swine, the sum of fifty cents, and for every sheep, goat, or other animal not herein named, the sum of twenty-five cents, together with just damages for injuries sustained, which reclamation shall, when possible, be laid before the owner of the trespassing stock within forty-eight hours after seizure Src. 4. That in case the claim shall not be amicably or legally adjusted, and the trespassing animals recovered by the owner within twelve hours after the receipt of such notification, the owner shall further become liable in a sum sufficient to cover the maintenance and care of his stock up to the time of' its re- moval but the owner shall be entitled to recover immediate possession of his stock on due execution of such bond to cover expenses and claimed damages as any Trial Justice shall decide to be good and sufficient. Src. 5. When the owner of trespassing stock is unknown said stock may be detained for the space of one week awaiting the owner’s action It shall then be reported to and become subject to the orders of any Trial Justice in the County where the stock is taken up, who shall take such action in the premises as will effectuate the purposes of this Act, by advertising the said stock upon the Court House door and in two other public places in the said County, giving a full description of the same and the causes of seizure, together with the damages, costs, and other allowances indicated by this Act, for the space of ten days; and at the expiration of that time, should the owner of the 

stock not have appeared and paid all the expenses, damages, and costs properly adjusted as in this Act required, then the said Trial Justice shall order his Constable to make public sale of the same to the highest bidder for cash, and out of the pro- ceeds of such sale he shall pay the costs, damages, expenses and adjusted claims as in this Act allowed, and the surplus, if any there be, shall be turned over by said Constable to the Clerk of the Circuit Court for the said County to be by him paid to the owner of such stock upon proper proof of such ownership; and should the proper owner of such stock or animal, not appear and obtain such surplus within one year from the time the same was turned over to the said Clerk of the Court, then the said Clerk shall return and pay over the same to the County Treasurer of the said County to be by | him dis- bursed as general County funds. Sec. 6. In cases where known owners shall, after notification neglect, for the period of three days, to adjust the legal demands against them provided in this Act, according to the plan of ad- justment in Section 4, all further proceedings shall be taken un- der Section 5 of this Act, as though the owners were unknown. ' Sec. 7. Any person, other than owner, who shall remove or destroy, or leave down any portion of any fence in this State, intended to inclose animals of any kind, or who shall leave open any gate or leave down any bars or other structure intended for a like purpose, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor; and any person who shall wilfully or negligently violate the first Section of this Act, shall also be guilty of a misdemeanor, and both classes of offenders shall be punishable by fine of not less than five nor more than thirty dollars, or be imprisoned in the County jail not less than five nor more than thirty days Sec. 8. That whenever any animal shall be taken up under the provisions of this Act, it shall be unlawful for any person to J rescue the same or deliver it from the custody of the person im- pounding it ; and whoever shall violate this provision shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished as provided in Section 7 of this Act Sec. 9. That it shall be a misdemeanor for any person wilfully to walk, drive, ride, or to allow his team to travel outside of the road on the cultivated lands of another, punishable as in the next preceding Section Provided, That in case any person charged with this misdemeanor be brought before, or reported to, a Trial Justice, he may discharge himself from any further proceedings therein by paying such fine within the above limits as the Trial Justice may impose 

Sec. 10. That in all criminal prosecutions for violations of the provisions of this Act, the defendant may plead, as a matter of defence, the full satisfaction of all reasonable demands of the party or parties aggrieved by such violation; and upon said plea being legally established, and upon payment of all costs accrued up to the time of such plea, he shall be discharged from further penalty. Sec. 11. That this Act shall take effect on’ the first day of April, 1882, except in the Counties of Charleston, Aiken, Beau- fort, Colleton, Hampton, Orangeburg, Chesterfield, Lexington, and Williamsburg, in which Counties this Act shall go into ef- fect on the first day of October, A. D. 1882: Provided, That the stock of any inhabitant of the said Counties shall be liable to the penalties of this Act if found straying without the limits of the said Counties: Provided, further, That the above excep- tion shall not apply to so much of Aiken County as is included in the township of Shultz, so much of the township of Ham- mond as lies between the Hamburg Road and the Savannah River, and the township of Silverton. Src. 12. That so much of all other Acts as is inconsistent with this Act is hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOINSON HAGOOD., Governor. —_——. AN ACT To AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN -.ACT TO INCORPO- RATE THE TOWN OF LEESVILLE, IN THE County or LEx- INGTON,” APPROVED FrEBrvuary 23, 1875, BY ENLARGING AND DEFINING THE POWERS OF THE TowNn CoUNCIL WITH REFERENCE TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF THE POLICE REGULA- STONE OF SAID TOWN. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the town of Leesville, ‘in the County of’ Lexington,” approved February 23, 1875, be, 

and the same is hereby amended by striking out Sections 3 and 4, and substituting the following, to wit: “Src. 3. That the In- tendant and Wardens, duly elected and qualified, shall, during their term of service, severally and respectively, be vested with all the powers of Trial Justice and Justice of the Peace in this State in all cases of the violation of any ordinance or ordinances of the said town; that the Intendant shall, as often as occasion may require, summon the Wardens to meet him in council, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and shall be known as ‘the Town Council of Lees- ville ;’ and they and their successors in office shall have a com- mon seal; and shall have power and authority to appoint from time to time such and so many proper persons to act as mar- shals and constables as they shall deem expedient and proper, which officers shall have the right, with or without warrant, to arrest all parties violating the by-laws and ordinances of said town ; and the Intendant and Wardens, in council, shall have power and authority, under their corporate seal, to ordain and establish all such rules, by-laws, and ordinances, respecting the streets, ways, public wells, public springs of water, markets and police of said town, and for preserving health, peace, order, and good government within the same, as they may deem expedient and proper; and the said town council may impose fines, pen- alties, and imprisonment for offences against such by-laws and ordinances, and appropriate the same to the use of the corpo- ration ; but no fine shall exceed fifty dollars ; or they may com- mute sentences to labor on the streets and roads in said town, according to the gravity of the offence: Provided, Such impris- onment or labor shall not exceed thirty days; that all fines im- posed by said council may be collected by execution issued under their hand and seal. “Src. 4. That the said town council shall have power to impose an annual tax upon all real and personal property within the limits of said town: Provided, Said tax does not exceed the sum of fifteen cents on the one hundred dollars; that the said town council shall have the power to enforce the payment of all taxes and assessments levied under the authority of this Act | against the property and persons of defaulters to the same ex- tent and in the same manner as is provided by law for the col- lection of State and County taxes, except that executions shall be issued under their seal, directed to their marshal or other agent.” Sec. 5. That the said corporation shall have the same powers 

and privileges, and be subject, in every respect, to the provisions of the charter granted to the town of Ninety-Six by an Act entitled “‘An Act to incorporate the town of Ninety-Six,” ap- proved March 13, 1872. Sec. 6. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and continue in torce until repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and cighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To RENDER MORE EFFICIENT THE QUARANTINE SERVICE OF THE SEVERAL Ports OF THE STATE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the more certain prevention of the introduction of disease into the several ports of this State, every vessel arriving from a foreign port, or from a suspected or infected port of the United States, shall immediately proceed to the Quarantine Station of tho port of arrival and display a yellow flag, or the vessel's ensign in the rigging, and shall be visited by the Quarantine Officer between sunrise and sunset, as soon as possible after such arrival. Src. 2. All vessela which have had infectious or contagious disease on board during the voyage, or while in the port of de- parture, and also all vessels from infected or suspected latitudes or ports, shall be subjected to a detention of not less than five (5) days, or for such longer time as the constituted health authorities at the port of arrival may deem requisite, and pra- tique shall not be given to any such vessel until such vessel shall have been thoroughly disinfected and fumigated, the cargo and ballast having been first discharged. Src. 3. All masters of vessels or other persons violating any of the provisions of this Act, or disobeying any of the published regulations of the health authorities of any port, and all persons whomsoever who shall, without permission of said authorities, in- 

vade the Quarantine grounds or station of such port, or who shall hold any communication, or attempt to hold any communication, with any vessel, or any officer, or any passenger, or member of the crew of any vessel lying at the Quarantine or under control of the said authorities, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction, shall be punished by fine not exceeding two thousand dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding twelve months, or both, in the discretion of the Court. Sec. 4. The following uniform schedule of charges is hereby adopted for quarantine dues at all ports of the State. the amount collected to be expended for the more effective enforcement of quarantine at each port, to wit: For every vessel boarded and inspected eee cree ces coeccee. cee 85 00 For every vessel of 100 tons or less, fumigating and dis- infecting, each Process.......c..ccccseceees seceeeeeeeeeeeee es 15 00 For every veasel over 100 tons, and less than 250 tons. fumigating and disinfecting, each process........... .. 20 00 For every vessel over 250 tons, and less than 500 tons, 30 00 fumigating and disinfecting, each process For every vessel over 500 tons, and less than 750 tons, 40 00 fumigating and disinfecting, each process.............. For every vessel over 750 tons, and less than 1,000 tons, fumigating and disinfecting, each process.............. 50 00 For every vessel over 1,000 tons, and less than 1,250 tons, fumigating and disinfecting, each process....... 60 00 For every vessel over 1,250 tons, fumigating and disin- fecting, according to tonnage of vessel, each pro- cess Bec ere c ce rerecenccenccseesneeecceeneee sensceserees 70 00 to 100 00 In all cases the Quarantine Officer will collect the charges made ayuinst vessels before giving permission to leave quaran- tine, either by captain’s draft on consignee or in currency, and shall return the same to the Board charged with the adminis- tration of the quarantine at such port, who shall be responsible for the disbursement of the same. Sec. 5. That the administration of quarantine of the port of Charleston shall be in charge of the Board of Health of the city of Charleston, subject to the advice and supervision of the Ex- ecutive Committee of the State Board of Health, and they shall have full power and authority to make such rules and regula- tions for the institution and enforcement of quarantine as they may deem expedient, and as may be conformable to law. Sec. 6. The Quarantine Officer of the Port of Charleston shall be appointed by the Governor on the nomination of the Board 

of Health of the City of Charleston: . He shall be invested with all powers and authority heretofore by law conferred upon the Health officer of the Port of Charleston, and he shall exercise such powers and authority, under the direction and control of the said Board of Health of the city of Charleston. He shall receive a salary from said Board at the rate of fifteen hundred dollars per annum, and he shall reside at the quarantine sta- tion. He shall be appointed during the month of January of each year, and hold his office for one year, and until his suc- cessor shall be appointed, unless sooner removed by the Gov- ernor at the request of the Board of Health of the city of Charleston, or for other reasons satisfactory to him. Sxc. 7. That for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Act with regard to the port of Charleston, the sum of two thousand five hundred dollars be annually appropriated, to be paid by the State Treasurer on the order of the Chairman of the Board of Health of Charleston. Sec. 8. That the ports of the State which are not specifically provided for in this Act shall remain under the supervision and control of the Executive Committtee of the State Board of Health, and a Quarantine Officer shall be appointed at each of the said ports who shall be vested with the powers and author- ity heretofore by law conferred upon the Health Officer, and shall exercise the same under the direction and control of the Execu- tive Committee of the State Board of Health, or such local Board as the Executive Committee of the State Board of Health may appoint for that purpose. He shall return to the said Ex- ecutive Committee, or to the said local Board, all fees collected by him, and shall receive for his services annually the following, to wit: Quarantine Officer of the port of Georgetown, five hundred dollars, and one hundred and fifty dollars for boat hire. . Quarantine Officer at St. Helena entrance, eight hundred dol- lars, and one hundred and fifty dollars for boat hire. . Quarantine Officer at Port Royal, eight hundred dollars; and one hundred and fifty dollars for boat hire. He shall be appointed by the Governor, on the recommendation of the Executive Committee of the State Board of Health, during the month of Janury of each year, and hold his office for one year, and until his successor shall be appointed unless sooner removed by the Governor, at the request of the Executive Com- mittee of the State Board of Health, and shall reside ai the quarantine station. 

Src. 9. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this ct be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——— AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN OF SUMTER. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives o e State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Genera ssembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section twen -one of the Act entitled “An Act to grant, renew, and amen e charters of certain towns and villages therein named,” ap: oved March 9th, 1871, (14 Statutes, 624,) be amended by addin ter the words “Real Estate” in the fourth and sixth lines there , the words “and personal property.” In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and cighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. IN ACT To AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATSH THE Poa@nix BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION OF CHARLES TON. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives o e State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General As mbly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled n Act to Incorporate the Pheenix Building and Loan Associa on of Charleston,” approved 21st March, 1876, be amended by riking out the words “to its members and stockholders only’ om the eleventh line of Section four of said Act, so that said ction four of said Act when amended will read as follows, tq 

wit: Section 4. That the funds of said Corporation shall be loaned and advanced to the members and stockholders upon the security of real and personal estate, and used in the purchase of -real estate for the benefit of its members and stockholders, on such terms and under such conditions, and subject to such regu- lations as may from time to time, be prescribed by the rules and by-laws of said corporation; and it shall be lawful for the said corporation to hold such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and personal property as shall be mortgaged or conveyed to them in good faith by way of security upon its loans and advances. and may sell, alien, or otherwise dispose of the same, as they from time to time may deem expedient. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. — AN ACT to INCORPORATE AToER COLLEGE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That J. B. Adger, 8. L. Morris, J. J. Norton, 8. P. Dendy, L. B. John- son, J. W. Stribling. J. L. Martin, W. P. Jacobs, A. Brennicke. T. H. Law, R. A. Thompson, D. A. Smith, D. Wyatt Aiken, L. W. Perrin, A. B. Towers, R. H. Nall, J. S. Cothran, Jacob Schroeder, J. D. Verner, James MeCary, W. C. Keith, John W. Shelor, D. E Frierson, A. P. Nicholson, E. P. Davis, W. D. Simpson, T. C. Gower, and their suecessors in office, be, and they are hereby, created and constituted a body politic and cor- | porate, by the name and style of Adger College, a male college located in the town of Walhalla, in the State of South Caro- lina, and as such and by the said name of Adger College, shall | be capable and liable in law and equity to sue and be sued: plead and be impleaded ; to have and use a common seal, and to make such by-laws and rules for the regulation and government of said College as they may deem necessary: Provided, Said by-laws and rules be not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of this State, and of the United States. 

Sec. 2. That the said Board of Trustees are and shall be authorized to appoint such officers as they may think necessary and proper for the organization and government of their own 4 body, and also all the officers, professors, tutors, and instructors of and in the said College, and to remove the same at pleasure, and to exercise such general control and supervision over the officers, professors, tutors, instructors, affairs, and government of said College as they may deem advisable. Sec. 3. That the said Board of Trustees shall have power and authority to confer, and award all such distinctions, honors, licenses, and degrees as are usually conferred and awarded in colleges and universities of the United States. Sec. 4. That the said Trustees and their successors shall have and hold all the local and Presbyterial subscriptions, estate, and funds heretofore subscribed for the purpose of establishing and endowing said College, or now belonging to the same. And all property, funds, money, donations, legacies, and devises, which hereafter may be granted, conveyed, bequeathed, and devised, or given to said College in trust, nevertheless, for the use and benefit of said College. Sec. 5. That the said Trustees shall be appointed or chosen by the Presbytery of South Carolina for the term of three years, and until their successors shall have been chosen, in such manner that one third thereof shall be chosen annually ; that the term of office of J. B. Adger, 8. L. Morris, J. J. Norton, S. P. Dendy, L. B. Jobnson, J. W. Stribling, J. L. Martin, W. P. Jacobs, and A. Brennicke, shall expire on the first day of Sep- tember A. D., 1884; that the term of' office of T. H. Law, R. A. Thompson, D. A. Smith, D. Wyatt Aiken, L. W. Perrin, A. B. Towers, R. H. Nall, J. S. Cothran, and Jacob Schroeder, shall expire on the first day of September A. D, 1883; that the term of office of J. D. Verner, James McCary, W. C. Keith, John W. Sbelor, D. E. Frierson, A. P. Nicholson, E. P. Davis, W. D. Simpson, and T. C. Gower, shall expire on the first dfy of September A. D., 1882. Sec. 6. That whenever any vacancy shall oceur by death, resignation, or removal from office, the Board of Trustees may by a majority of those present at any legal meeting elect a per- son to fill such vacancy, who shall serve only for the unexpired term. Sec. 7. That at any annual meeting of the Board of Trustees of said College or adjournment thereof nine members of said Board shall constitute a quorum. 

Sec. 8. That the powers hereinbefore conferred upon the Board of Trustees of said College is subject to the reviewing and appellate oversight and control of the Presbytery of South Carolina. Sec. 9. That the professors and teachers employed in said College, and the students in attendance upon the exercises of the same, are hereby declared exempt from all duty in working and repairing the streets of the town of Walhalla, and the public roads of the County of Oconee. Sec. 10. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be pub- lic Act, and continue of force until repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE CHIEF OF THE Fire DEPARTMENT OF THE CITY 0F CHARLESTON TO INVESTIGATE AND ENQUIRE INTO THE ORIGIN OF FIRES OCCURRING IN THE City or CHARLESTON. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be the duty of the Chief of the Fire Department, or, in case of his absence, one of the Assistant Chiefs of the Fire Department of the City of Charleston, to examine into the cause, circumstances, and origin of any fire occurring in the City of Charleston, by which any building, vessels, vehicles, or any valuable personal property, shall be accidentally or unlaw- fully burned, destroyed, or damaged. wholly or partially, and to especially inquire and examine whether the fire was the result of carelessness or the act of an incendiary, shall take the testi- mony on oath of all persons supposed to be cognizant of any fucts or to have means of knowledge in relation to the matters herein required to bt examined and inquired into, and cause the ‘same to be reduced to writing, verified, and transmitted to the Chief of Police of the said city, with his report in writing em- 

bodying his opinions and conclusions in relation to the matter investigated. That for the purpose of making the examination and investigation herein provided for, the said Chief, or the As- sistant, as the case may be, shall have power to issue a notice in the nature of a subpcena in such form and subscribed in such manner as the Recorder of the City of Charleston shall prescribe. to compel the attendance of any person as a witness before him to testify in relation to any matter which is by the provisions of this Act a subject of inquiry and investigation by the said Chief, or his Assistant, as the case may be, and the Chief or the Assistant Chief be and are hereby authorized to administer and verify oaths and affirmations to persons appearing as witnesses before him; and false swearing in any matter or proceeding as aforesaid shall be deemed perjury, and shall be punishable as such. That upon the presentation of satisfactory proof’ of duc: service of any such notice in the nature of a subpcena upon any such witness, and of a failure by such witness to obey the same, it shall be the duty of the said City Recorder to make an order that the said witness be arrested and brought before the said Chief or the Assistant Chief, as the case may be, to testify what such witness may know in relation to the subject matter of inquiry, such order may be executed by any member of the police force of the city of Charleston by arresting and bringing such witness before the said Chief, or Assistant Chief, as the case may be, but such witness shall not be detained longer than That the said Chief or is necessary to take such testimony. Assistant Chief shall have authority at all times of the day or night, in performance of the duties imposed by the provisions of this Act, to enter upon and examine any building or premises when any fire shall have occurred, and the buildings adjoining and near to that in which the fire occurred. That it shall be the duty of the Chief of Police of said city to detail any mem- bers of the police force to aid the said Chicf or Assistant Chief in carrying out the provisions of this Act. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. yak FOO Erno 

AN ACT To AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT CREATING A Harpork COMMISSION FOR THE Bay AND Harsor OF CHARLESTON,” APPROVED 24 DrcEMBER, 1880. Srction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act creating a Harbor Conimission for the Bay and Harbor of Charleston,” approved 24 December, 1880. be, and the same is hereby amended by striking out all after the enacting words in the said Act, and in lieu thereof inserting as follows, to wit: That a Harbor Commission for the govern- ment and protection of the Bay and Harbor of Charleston, and the rivers and creeks flowing therein, be, and the same is hereby, authorized and created. Sec. 2. That the said commission shall consist of thirteen members, as follows The Mayor of the city of Charleston, the President of the Charleston Chamber of Commerce, the Chair- man of the Executive Committee of the State Board of Health if he be a resident of said city, and if he be not such resident some member of the Executive Committee resident of said city, to be designated by said committee, and ten residents of the County of Charleston, to be appointed by the Governor, one of whom at least shall be a Full Branch Pilot of the port of Charleston The Mayor of the city of Charleston shall be ex officio Chairman of the said Board, and the Board at its first annual meeting, or at the first meeting after the time fixed for such annual meeting, shall elect a chairman pro tempore, to act in the temporary absence, death, resignation, or disability of the said chairman Sec. 3. That the members of the said Board so appointed by the Governor shall hold their offices for the term of four years, and until their successors have been appointed and have ac- cepted ; and all vacancies in such appointments, by death, resig- nation, removal from office, departure from the State or other- wise, shall be filled by the Governor: Provided, That the Gov- ernor may at any time, if he thinks proper, remove any of the persons so appointed. Src. 4. That the said Board of Harbor Commissioners shall have jurisdiction over the Harbor and Bay of Charleston and the rivers and creeks flowing therein, and shall make such reg ulations as they may see fit for the protection and preservation of the said bay and harbor, rivers and creeks, from injury by 

means of deposit of ballast and other materials, the creation of obstructions, or for any other cause whatsoever, with authority to prescribe such penalties for the violation of the said regula- tions as they may deem adequate: Provided, That such penalty shall not exceed the sum of five hundred dollars for each offence together with the expense of removing such obstructions or in- terferences with navigation. And the Solicitor of the Circuit shall be, and he is hereby, charged with the duty of enforcing such penalties, upon the information, and at the request of the said Board of Harbor Commissioners. They shall also take control of all quarantine stations and buildings in said harbor, designate and fix the location thereof, and make such regulations respecting the same, as will secure the thorough. and complete enforcement of the quarantine laws of this State. They are also invested with full power and authority to pre- serve peace and good order in said bay and harbor: Provided, That none of the said regulations shall be repugnant to the laws of the land: Provided, also, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to limit or encroach upon the powers and duties imposed upon the State Board of Health by any Act or Acts of Assembly now of force, or which may hereafter be passed. Sec. 5. That the said Board shall have an annual meeting on the second Monday in January in each year, and shall hold such 4 other stated or special meetings as they may for themselves de- termine. Src. 6. That the said Board shall have power to fix the lines along the said bay and harbor, and rivers and creeks, within which riparian owners may erect wharves, docks, and other! proper erections and fixtures for commercial, manufacturing, or any other purposes. The said Board, or a majority of them, shall have authority to cause the removal of any wharf, dock, wreck, or other obstruction to navigation, or that may, in their opinion, be injurious to the said bay, harbor, rivers, or creeks, at the expense of the owner or owners, or the parties causing the obstructions: Provided, That the rights. of any owner or owners of wharves whose lines have heretofore been fixed by grant, or by authority of State legislation, are in no wise to be disturbed. . Src. 7. That no person or persons shall hereafter build any wharf or other obstruction beyond the lines fixed by the said, Board, except where the lines of such wharf have heretofore been fixed by any grant, or by authority of State legislation; and any 

person or persons doing this shall pay the sum of:twenty dollars for every such offence, and shall moreover be fined in the sum of twenty dollars for every day such wharf or other obstruction shall remain. And no person or persons shall hereafter build or extend any wharf or other obstruction in or upon the waters of the bay or harbor of Charleston, or the rivers or creeks flow- ing therein, without first obtaining, in writing, from said Board, a permit for so doing, except where the lines of such wharf have heretofore been fixed by any grant, or by authority of State legislation, under a penalty of twenty dollars for every day such wharf or obstruction shall remain; and it shall be the duty of said Board to prosecute for the fines and penalties im- posed by this Act. _ Sec. 8. That it shall be the duty of the said Board of Harbor Commissioners, to examine, or cause to be examined, all the docks, public or private, upon the waters of the said bay and Larbor, and the rivers and creeks flowing therein ; and when it is the opinion of said board, or a majority of them, that such docks are not in a proper condition for the purposes for which they were designed and used, they shall cause a notice to be served upon the owner or occupier of said dock, and they shall deepen the same, and if such owner or occupier shall neglect or refuse to attend to such dock after thirty days’ notice, such person so offending shall forfeit and pay twenty dollars, and the further sum of five dollars for every day he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse, and shall, moreover, pay all expenses incurred by reason of such neglect or refusal; and it shall be the duty of the said Board to prosecute for such fines and penalties. Src. 9. That hereafter, when any dredging or excavation shall be done in the said bay and harbor, rivers and creeks, or the docks thereon, the material excavated shall be deposited only at such place or places as may be designated by the said Board, under such penalty not exceeding the amount prescribed in Section 4 of this Act, as the said Board shall prescribe. Src. 10. That the said Board of Harbor Commissioners #hall have power to elect or appoint annually a Harbor Master and / such number of Port Wardens ds in their discretion are neces- sary for the bay and harbor of Charleston, and the rivers and creeks flowing therein, and to define and assign the duties of such Harbor Master and Port Wardens, and regulate their com- . pensation, with power to remove them or any of them at their discretion; and the powers and duties of the Harbor Master and 

Port Wardens ‘heretofore appointed and acting, shall cease and determine on the first Tuesday in January, .1882 Sec. 11. That the said Board of Harbor Commissioners sball be, and are hereby, invested with full power and authority to: levy and collect from all vessels entering into and trading with « the port of Charleston, such fees and harbor or port charges not inconsistent with law, as, in their discretion, may be neces- sary to pay the said Harbor Master and Port Wardens for the services required of them, and to defray the necessary expenses attendant upon the execution of the duties devolved upon the said Board under this Act Sec. 12. That the said Board of Harbor Commissioners shall be invested with all the powers of the Board of Commissioners of Pilotage for the port of Charleston, and shall act as such Board. Sec. 13. That the Sub-Committee on Pilotage of the said Board of Harbor Commissioners may be invested by the said Board with all the power and authority in all matters relating to the pilotage and pilots of the port of Charleston as are given to the said Board of Harbor Commissioners by this Act, and the decision of the sail Sub-Committee upon all such matters shall be final and conclusive: Provided, however, That ‘the said Committee, at its discretion, shall have power to submit any question or case brought before it, to the said Board of Harbor Commissioners for its decision Sec. 14. That all fees, harbor or port. charges. fines, and pen- alties collected under the provisions of this Act, shall be paid over to the said Board of Harbor Commissioners, and be dis- bursed by the said Board in paying the salaries of the Harbor Master and Port Wardens, and such other officers as the said Board may see fit to appoint to facilitate the discharge of the duties imposed by this Act, and such other expenses as may be incident to said duties. Sec. 15. That the said Board of Harbor Commissioners shall anntally report to the General Assembly the amounts received for fees, harbor or port charges, fines, and penalties, and the disbursement. thereof, and also generally its actings and doings under this Act Sec. 16. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with and repugnant to this Act, be, and the same are hereby, re- peale 

Sec. 17. That this Act shall take effect, and go into operation, immediately after its approval. Tn the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—— AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE AND REQUIRE THE County ComMIs- SIONERS OF SUMTER County TO LEVY A SPECIAL TAX OF THREE-FOURTHS @) OF ONE MILL ON THE DOLLAR UPON ALL TAXABLE PROPERTY IN SuMTER Scuoo. District No. 1, 1x Sumter County, FOR THE PURPOSE OF BUILDING AN AD- DITIONAL SCHOOL HOUSE IN THE TOWN OF SUMTER. Srction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Sumter County be, and they are hereby, authorized and required to levy, for the fiscal year be. ginning November the Ist, 1880, a special tax of three-fourths (4) of one mill on the dollar, upon all taxable property in Sumter School District No. 1,in Sumter County, for the pur- pose of building an additional school honse in the town of Sumter. Src. 2. That the said tax shall be collected at the same time and in the same manner as other taxes levied for the said fiscal year. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D 881. OF Na N” ODOT) Oy 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE tHE Boarps oF County CoMMISSIONERS FOR THE COUNTIES or SPARTANBURG, AIKEN, UNION, SUMTER, AND ORANGEBURG, OF THIS STATE, TO PROCURE AND ESTABLISH STANDARD SCALES FOR THE WEIGHING OF COTTON AND ALL PRODUCE AND MER- CHANDISE SOLD BY WEIGHT,” APPROVED DECEMBER 24, 1880, BY INSERTING “ LAURENS,” BETWEEN “ AIKEN” AND “ UNION,” IN THE FIRST SECTION THEREOF. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section one (1) of an Act entitled “An Act to authorize the Boards of County | Commissioners for the Counties of Spartanburg, Aiken, Union, Sumter, and Orangeburg, of this State, to procure and establish standard scales for the weighing of cotton and all produce and merchandise sold by weight,” approved December 24, 1880, be, and the same is hereby, amended by inserting after the word “Aiken,” on the fifth line of said Section, the word “Laurens,” “That the so that said first Section, as amended, shall read: Boards of County Commissioners for the Counties of Spartan- burg, Aiken, Laurens, Union, Sumter, and Orangeburg, of this State, be, and are hereby, authorized to procure and establish in all incorporated cities and towns in said Counties upon the peti- tion of one hundred citizens, who shall be residents of the town- ship in which such incorporated city or town is situated, suita- ble standard scales for the weighing of cotton, produce, mer- chandise, and all commodities sold by weight: Provided, That in the town of Spartanburg the authority conferred and the duties devolved by the provisions of this act upon the Board of County Commissioners be, and the same is hereby, conferred and devolved upon the Intendant and Wardens of said town, so long as they comply with the provisions of the Act amending the charter of the said town, approved 24th day of February 1876.” In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. OTT aw OC) Oe a 

AN ACT TO PRESCRIBE THE MODE OF ASCERTAINING THE AVERAGE ATTENDANCE ON THE FREE PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF THIS STATE, AND TO APPORTION THE SCHOOL FUND ACCORDING TO SUCH ATTENDANCE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the school month shall consist of twenty school days, and that ‘this number shall be taken as the unit of compensation in esti- mating the average attendance of each pupil in the free public schools of this State Sec. 2. That for the school year 1882-1883, and for each school year thereafter, each County School Commissioner shall appor- tion the income of the school fund among the several school dis- tricts of his County-in proportion to the average attendance upon the free public schools for the last preceding year as ascer- tained by Section 1 of this Act. Sec. 3. That the State Superintendent of Education is hereby authorized and required to prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to enforce the provisions of this Act In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —, AN ACT To rncorroraTE LEBANON CAMP-GROUND IN HAMPTON County, SoutH CaRoLIna Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That W. F. Breland, William T. Blount, Richard Davis H. M. Par- nell, and T. A. Causey, (Trustees of the Black Swamp Circuit, and their successors in office, be, and they are hereby, incorpo- rated and declared to be a body corporate, under the name and style of the Lebanon Camp- -ground, of Hampton County, South Carolina, and by that name and style shall have succession of officers and members, and shall have a common seal 

Src. 2. That the said corporation shall have power to receive and hold any real or personal estate not exceeding in value the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, and to sell, convey, and dispose of the same; and by its corporate name may sue and be sued in any Court of this State, and to make such police regu- lations, rules and by-laws, not repugnant to law, as it may con- sider necessary and expedient for the maintenance of law and order, and the protection of its property. Sec. 3. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall continue of force until repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To aAvrTHorRiIzE THE FACULTIES OF State Norma. INSTITUTES TO GRANT CERTIFICATES AND DIPLOMAS. OF QUALIFICATION TO TEACH IN THE FreEE Pusiic ScHOOLSs OF THIS STATE ON CERTAIN CONDITIONS Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the faculties of the State Normal Institutes which may here- after be held in this State shall have authority to grant certifi- cates of qualification to teach in the Free Public Schools of this State to such students of the institutes as may be found quali- fied upon examination: Provided, That no certificate of quali fication shall be granted for a longer time than three years Sec. 2. That the faculties of said institutes shall have author- ity to grant diplomas, which shall exempt the holders from further examination as to qualification to teach in the Free Public Schools of this State: Provided, That no diploma shall be granted to any person who has not attended regularly at least three State Normal Institutes to be held hereafter Src. 3. That the State Board of Examiners shall have au- thority to prescribe the course of study and the standard of 

qualification which will entitle applicants to receive certificates of qualification and diplomas as hereinbefore provided. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE GEORGETOWN, CONWAYBORO, AND Fair Biurr TELEGRAPH LINE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That S. C. Potts and his associates be, and they are hereby, consti- tuted a body politic and corporate by the name of the George- -town, Conwayboro, and Fair Bluff Telegraph Line, and by that name shall have perpetual succession, and may have and use a /common seal, may purchase, lease, receive, hold, and convey property, real and personal, and may sue or be sued in any Court of competent jurisdiction. Sec. 2. The said corporation is hereby authorized to construct ‘telegraph lines along, upon, and beside the public roads and highways from Georgetown to Port Harrelson, from Port Har- relson to Conwayboro, from Conwayboro to the North Carolina line near Fair Bluff. Sec. 3. The said corporation may appoint such directors, offi- cers, and agents, and make such rules, regulations, and by-laws, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the State. as may be necessary for the transaction of its business, and such of said officers as may be so authorized to do, may fix the rates of the transmission of messages. Sxc. 4. Any person who shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, | injure, or molest any of the lines, posts, materials, or property -of any kind of said corporation, shall, on conviction, be pun- ished in like manner as he, she, or they would be punished for a like offence against the rights or property of a natural person, and shall also be liable to a civil action for damages. Src. 5. The officers and employees of said corporation shall 

be subject to such legal penalties as now attach to the officers and employees of the Western Union Telegraph Company for wilful and malicious disclosure or divulgence of the nature or contents of any message or communication intrusted to them for transmission, or for wilful neglect to transmit a message. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——— AN ACT To REVIVE AND RENEW THE CHARTER OF THE PH@NIX Fire Enainge CoMpany oF THE City oF CHARLESTON, S. C. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of the Phenix Fire Engine Company of the City of Charleston be, and the same is hereby, revived and renewed, and shall con- tinue in force until amended, altered or repealed ; and that all acts done by the said Phcenix Fire Engine Company of the City of Charleston since the expiration of its charter, in con- formity thereto, shall be, and the same are hereby, declared to be as good and valid, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been done before the expiration of its charter. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—— AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR DRAINAGE IN THE COUNTIES OF SPAR- TANBURG AND PICKENS. Srcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That 

from and after the passage of this Act all land owners of the Counties of Spartanburg and Pickens shall remove from the running streams of water upon their lands, all trash, trees, rafts, and timber, during the months of March and September in each year in the small streams, and in July or August in the large streams SEc Any person convicted of a violation of this Act shall be punished by a fine of not less than five nor more than fifty dollars in the discretion of the Court before which the case may be tried Sec. 3. Any person convicted of cutting down trees across or into running streams upon the lands of another in the Counties aforesaid shall be liable to the same punishment above pre- scribed In the Senate. House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. JC. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of ' Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a AN ACT To REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AMEND SEC- trons 8 AND 9 OF AN ACT TO AMEND CHAPTER XLV., or TITLE XI., Part I., or THE GENERAL STATUTES, RELATING TO THE REPAIRS OF HIGHWAYS AND BRIDGES IN CHARLESTON CouNTY. AND TO MAKE OF FORCE SEcTion 8 oF AN ACT ENTITLED “AN Act To AMEND CHaprer XLV., or Titie XI., Parr L., or THE GENERAL STATUES; RELATING TO THE REPAIRS OF HIGH- WAYS AND BRIDGES,” AND TO AMEND SECTION 9 OF THE AcT LAST AFORESAID, SO FAR AS THE SAME RELATES TO THE County oF CHARLESTON Srction 1. Bé it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Gen- eral Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to amend Sections 8 and 9 of an Act to amend ” Chapter XLV., of Title XI., Part I, of the General Statutes, relating to the repairs of highways and bridges. in Charleston County,” appraved December 23d, 1879, be, and the same is hereby, repealed 

Src. 2. That Section 8 of an Act entitled “An Act to amend Chapter XLV., of Title XI., Part I., of the General Statutes, relating to the repairs of highways and bridges,’ approved March 19th, 1874, be, and the same is hereby, revived and made of force ; and that Section 9 of the Act last aforesaid be amended so far as it relates to the County of Charleston, so that said Sec- tions eight and nine, so far as they relate to the County of Charleston, shall read as follows “Src. 8. All able-bodied male persons, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, shall be liable annually to work on the public highways and roads, not less than three nor more than six days, under the direction of the overseer of the district in which they may reside In warning men to work upon the public roads, the overseer shall make out a list for the warner, requiring him to give notice to each person, the kind of tool he: shall use in working upon the highways and roads.” “Sec. 9. That if any person, having been notified or warned as hereinbefore provided, shall pay to the County Treasurer of Charleston County, or to the Road Superintendent, to be by 4 him delivered to the County Treasurer, the sum of one dollar per day for each day’s work required, the same shall be received in lieu of such labor, and shall be applied by the Commissioners of said County to the construetion and repair of the highways in the districts to which they belong: Provided, That this amendment shall be operative only so far as James, John’s Edisto and Wadmalaw Islands, and St. Andrew’s Parish, are concerned.” In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. 7 OHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ee AN ACT ro AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO RE-ORGANIZE THE COLLEGE OF CHARLESTON,” RATIFED ON THE TWENTIETH DAY OF DECEMBER, IN THE YEAR OF OUR LORD ONE THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED AND THIRTY-SEVEN Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section two (2) of an Act entitled “An Act to re-organize the ’ College of Charleston,” ratified on the twentieth day of Decem- ber, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ‘thirty-seven, be amended so as to read as follows: “That the said College of Charleston shall be under the management of a Board of thirteen (13) Trustees. That the Mayor and Re- corder of the said City of Charleston, for the time being, shall always be ex officio members of the said Board. And three (3) Trustees shall be elected by the said City Council of Charleston immediately after the passage of this Act, one at least of whom shall be a member of their own body, who shall serve as Trustees until the next election of Aldermen. And three Trustees, one at least of whom shall be an Alderman, shall thereafter be elected by the said City Council after each election of Aldermen of the said city, who shall serve as Trustees until the next election of Aldermen. And the said City Council shall forthwith elect from the present Board of Trustees (8) persons, who shall serve as Trustees for eight (8) years, and until their successors shall be elected and qualified. They shall be so classified that one of their number shall go out of office every year. And immediately after the said election the eight persons so elected shall determine by lot which of them shall serve for one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and eight years, respectively. At the annual meeting of the said Board of Trus- tees there shall be elected by the said Board one Trustee to fill . the vacancy so occurring. The retiring Trustee shall be eligi- ble to re-election. And the said Board of Trustees, so appointed and elected, and their successors forever, shall be known as a body corporate, and designated in law by the name and title of “the Trustees of the College of Charleston, and shall be, and are hereby, vested with all the rights, powers, and privileges, ‘authorities, and franchises vested in the present Board of Trus- tees, either in and by their Act of Incorporation, passed on the twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thou- sand seven hundred and ninety-one, or by any and every law and laws of this State.” Sec. 2. That Section four of the Act aforesaid be amended so as to read as follows: “That any vacancy that may occur in the Board of Trustees from a vacancy in the Mayoralty or Re- -cordership of the said city shall be filled by the officers, respec- tively, duly elected and qualified to these offices; and all vacan- cies in the said Board by the expiration of the term of office of 

the three members elected by the said City Council, as herein- before provided, or from any other cause, shall be filled by the said City Council; and all vacancies in the said Board, by the expiration of the terms of office of the eight members to be elected from the present Board of Trustees, as hereinbefore provided, or from any other cause, shall be filled by the Board of Trustees.” Sec. 3. This Act shall take effect from and immediately after the date of its passage. Sec. 4. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPO- RATE THE TOWN OF TIMMONSVILLE,” APPROVED FEBRUARY 28, 1871, FoR THE PURPOSE OF CONTRACTING THE LIMITS OF SAID TOWN. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the town of Timmons- ville,” approved February 28, 1871, be amended by inserting the word “half” between the words “one” and “mile,” on line seventh of the first Section of said Act so that the said Section shall read: That all persons, citizens of the United States, who now are, or hereafter may be, inhabitants of the town of Tim- monsville, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be a body politic and corporate, and that said town shall be called and known by the name of Timmonsville, and its limits shall extend one-half mile in the direction of the cardinal points 

from the depot of the Wilmington, Columbia and Augusta Rail- road Company, as a centre, and form a square. Src. 2. This Act shall take effect immediately after its passage. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —— AN ACT To IncoRPORATE THE MAGNETIC MANUFACTURING Com- PANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting ing General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That John J. McLure, H. P. Hammett, and John J. Hemphill, and their associates and successors, are hereby made and created a body politic and corporate under the name and style of Mag- netic Manufacturing Company, to be located at or near. Chero- kee Ford on Broad River, for the purpose of manufacturing, spinning, dyeing, printing, and finishing and selling all goods of every kind made of wool or cotton, or of which wool, cotton, or other fibrous articles may form a part, and any other articles of like nature or kind whatsoever, which they may from time to time desire, and for grinding and milling wheat, corn, and other grains, sawing lumber and selling merchandise, mining, and manufacturing iron and other like substances, including lime and limestone, and for producing and making all machinery tools and implements necessary to or used for such purposes, and may erect such mills, buildings, machine shops, stores, dwell- ings, and other works as may be required or necessary to carry out such branches of manufacture and business, and also for the transaction of cited. . all Business connected with the purposes so re- Sec. 2. The parties aforesaid shall have power to raise by sub- scription a capital for the said corporation of not less than one hundred thousand (100,000) dollars nor more than six hundred thousand dollars ($600,000) in shares of one hundred (100) dol- lars each: Provided, however, That a majority of the Board of 

Directors of the said corporation shall have the power of in- creasing the said capital stock to any extent not exceeding one million ($1,000,000) dollars whenever they deem proper so to do, and the said corporation shall by its by-laws provide for the j u manner of raising and distributing such additional capital stock Sec. 3. The said corporation may purchase and hold all such real and personal estate as may from time to time be required or convenient for their purposes, or such as they may be obliged or may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due to said corporation, and may dispose of the same may erect such mills machine shops, dwellings, and other build- ings thereon as may be decmed necessary or desirable, may sue and be sued, may have and use a common seal, may make such by-laws for the regulation and government of said corporation in any and all matters whhatsoevar, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States, and of this State, as may be deemed necessary, and may add to, alter, or amend the same from time to time as may be desired; and shall have gen- erally all rights, powers, and privileges, in law incident or ap- pertaining to corporations Src. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount besides the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made Pro- vided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockhelder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity Sec. 5. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he may own or rep- resent at all elections and meetings of the company; and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representa- tion by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such elections and meetings Sec. 6. The capital stock of the said corporation shall be 

deemed personal property ; and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make all such regulations as may be deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transfer of such stock, or for collecting and enforcing by sale or otherwise, all subsciptions made thereto. Sec. 7. That said corporation shall be entitled to the benefits tenumerated and contained, and for the purposes specifically mentioned in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manu- factures,” approved December 20th, 1873, for a term of ten (10) years from the date of its organization. Src. 8. That for the protection of the said factory, no person or persons shall be allowed to sell, or offer for sale, any spirit- uous or malt liquors within three miles thereof, ‘without the limits of any incorporated town ; that any violation of this Section of this Act shall be deemed a misdemeanor, und any one, upon conviction thereof in any Court of competent jurisdiction, shall be punished by a fine of not more than one hundred dol- lars, or imprisonment in the County jail for not more than six months, or both, for each and every offence, at the discretion of . the Court. Sec. 9. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of thirty (30) years, and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meet- ing next thereafter. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—\_—_ AN ACT to AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPO- RATE THE TOWN OF JONESVILLE IN UNION CoUNTY,” AP- PROVED Fesruary 247TH, 1876, BY AUTHORIZING THE IN- TENDANT AND WARDENS OF SAID TOWN TO IMPOSE FINES AND PENALTIES, AND TO ENFORCE THE SAME. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authosity of the same, That an Act en- 

titled “ An Act to incorporate the town of Jonesville, in Union County,” approved February 24th, 1876, be amended by adding thereto the following (to be designated as .the 7th) Section: “That the Intendant and Wardens of said town may fix and impose fines and penalties and imprisonment in the said town prison or in the County jail, at their discretion, for the viola- tion of the rules, by-laws, and ordinances of said Intendant and Wardens: Provided, That the fine shall not exceed twenty dol- lars, and the imprisonment shall not be longer than twenty days: And provided further, That in case of the imprisonment of any person in the County jail, the said town shall pay all expenses of said imprisonment and any and all damages that may be caused thereby.” In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON — Governor. _—. AN ACT to INCORPORATE THE CHARLESTON CLUB. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Theodore D. Jervey, Lee Howard, Berkley Grimball, Eugene P. Jervey, Samuel Wragg, A. Norden, L. N. Chisolm, and their associates who now compose the Charleston Club, and their successors, be, and they are hereby, constituted a body politic and corporate by the name and style of the Charleston Club. Src. 2. That the said corporation shall have succession of officers and members according to its by-laws, and shall have power to make such constitution and by-laws as are not repug- nant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and keep a common seal, and the same to alter at will; to contract and be contracted with; to sue and be sued; to take, hold, retain, possess, and en- joy all such property, real and personal, as it may now have and possess, or which it may hereafter acquire by grant, purchase, devise, bequest, or otherwise, and the same, or any part thereof, to sell, alien, encumber, mortgage, or convey, at its will and 

pleasure; and shall have generally all the rights, powers, and privileges in law, incident or appertaining to corporations Provided, That the amount of property so held not exceed the sum of thirty thousand dollars Src. 3. That the said corporation shall have full power and authority to issue coupon bonds for such amounts and upon such terms and conditions as it may determine, not to exceed in the aggregate the sum of fifteen thousand (15,000) dollars Sec. 4. That each member of the said corporation shall be liable for the debts of the said corporation, contracted while he is a member thereof, to the extent of one hundred (100) dollars, but such liability shall not attach until the corporation shall have been sued and nulla bona returned on execution in such suit Provided, also, That the proceedings to hold a member liable therefor shall be commenced within one year after such debt shall have become due, and whilst he remains a member, or within one year after he shall have ceased to be a member of the said corporation Sec. 5. That any fraudulent misrepresentation as to the capital property, or resources of said corporation, shall be deemed a mis- demeanor, and any person making the same, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined or imprisoned, at the discretion of the Court. Src. 6. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of twenty-one (21) years, and until the final adjournment of the General assembly meeting next thereafter. In the Senate House the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER Simon SEABROOK, AN- DREW SMALL, Richmonp Wi LuiAmMs, ABEL Barry, Moses Bours, anp H. P. L. Wiaeins To ESTABLISH A WHARF AT Epines’ Point, St. Hetena Istanp, Beaurort County, SoutH CAROLINA Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Simon Seabrook, Andrew Small, Richmond Williams, Abel Bailey, Moses Boles; and H. P. L. Wiggins, be, and are hereby, ! authorized and empowered to erect and build a wharf, ard col-1 lect the usual rates of wharfage on the same, at Edings’ Point St. Helena Island, Beaufort County, South Carolina, and to ex- tend the same as far towards the channel of the river as may be necessary for commercial purposes. Src. 2. That the franchise herein granted shall be vested in the said Simon Seabrook, Andrew Small, Richmond Williams, Abel Bailey, Moses Boles, and H. P. L. Wiggins, their execu- tors, administrators, and assigns for the term of ninety-nine years. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor SS AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND REQUIRE THE County CoMMISSIONERS OF CLARENDON CoUNTY TO FUND THE PAST INDEBTEDNESS OF SAID COUNTY BY ISSUING CERTIFICATES OF INDEBTEDNESS THEREFOR AND PROVIDE A MODE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE SAME. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Clarendon County are hereby authorized and required to issue certificates of indebtedness to all bova fide holders of past due claims, including school claims which after due investigation shall be found to be just and legal 

claims against the said County for the amounts actually found to be due on the respective claims submitted to them: Provided, That no certificates of indebtedness shall be issued for or upon any claim or demand against the said County, which has been submitted to and rejected by the Board appointed to investi- gate the past indebtedness of said County under the Act enti- tled “An Act to investigate and ascertain the actual bona fide indebtedness of the various Counties in this State, and to regu- late the manner of paying the same,” approved June 9th, 1877, excepting from this proviso final judgments which have been rendered prior to the passage of this Act against the said County by a Court of competent jurisdiction. Sec. 2. Tbat.such certificate shall set forth the date, amount thereof, and the nature and amount of the claim or claims for which they shall have been issued, and shall also set forth that the same are executed by the County and accepted by the holder to be paid only out of such taxes as may be appropriated, levied, and collected for that purpose. and shall be signed by all of the members of the said Board of County Commissioners, sealed with their official seal and countersigned by their clerk. Sec. 3. That the said County Commissioners shall keep ina book to be procured for that purpose, a complete registry of all certificates of indebtedness which may be issued by virtue of the provisions of this Act. which registry, in addition to any other necessary data, shall contain in alphabetical order the names of the original holders of the claims upon which such certificates have been issued, the names of the parties to whom issued, and the amount and date of the issuing of such certifi- cates. Sec. 4. That before delivering any certificate of indebtedness, the said Commissioners shall cause the claim or demand for or upon which such certificate may have been issued, to be receipted by the holder thereof, or his, her or their attorney, and sur- rendered, and when so receipted: and surrendered shall be destroyed by the said Commissioners. Src. 5. That an annual tax of one mill on the dollar of all the taxable property in said County be levied and collected for the purpose of retiring such certificates of indebtedness as may be issued under the provisions of this Act, and that such tax when collected shall be applied exclusively to the payment thereof, rateably and in proportion to the respective amounts of such certificates, which shall bear interest at the rate of six per cen- tum per annum from the dates thereof respectively. 

Sec. 6. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this ct be, and the same are hereby, repealed: Provided, That this ct shall not affect the distribution of the proceeds of any tax lready levied for the purpose of paying the past indebtedness f said County. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D.1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_——_—_—_—_ AN ACT To FIX BY LAW THE WEIGHT OF A BUSHEL OF COTTON SEED. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That on and after the passage of this Act, the weight of a bushel of cotton seed shall be thirty pounds, standard weight, except the seed of long staple cotton, of which the weight shall be forty-two pounds. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——_— AN ACT 10 AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AO ACT TO INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF JOHNSTON’S TURNOUT, IN THE CouNnTY oF EDGE- FIELD,” APPROVED FEBRUARY 6TH, 1875, BY GRANTING TO THE Town CoUNCIL OF THE TOWN THE POWER TO LEVY AND COL- LECT TAXES. Be it enacted by the Senate dnd House of Representatives o the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 3 0 an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the town of Johnston's 

Turnout in the County of Edgefield,” approved February 6 1875, be, and the same is hereby, amended by striking out the words “An Act to grant, renew, and amend the charter of cer- tain towns and villages therein mentioned,” approved February 26, 1870,” and inserting in lieu thereof the following, to wit “An Act to renew and amend the charter of the town of Edge- field,” approved December 24, 1879,” so that it will read as fol- lows “That the said corporation shall have the same powers and privileges, and be subject in every respect to the provisions of the charier granted to the town of Edgefield, under an Act entitled ‘An Act to renew and amend the charter of the town of Edgefield,’ approved December 24, 1879.” In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. re eee AN ACT To REVIVE AND EXTEND THE CHARTER OF THE LAFAY- ETTE LopcE, NumBer Eiaut, oF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER oF Opp FELLOWS, AND TO VALIDATE ALL ACTS DONE SINCE THE EXPIRATION OF SAID CHARTER Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That he charter of Lafayette Lodge Number Eight, of the Indepen- dent Order of Odd Fellows be, and the same is hereby, revived and extended for the period of twenty-one years, with all the rights and privileges heretofore granted to the same Sec. 2. That all acts done by the said corporation since the expiration of its charter be, and the same are hereby, declared as good and valid as if the said*charter had not expired In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 OTN OT) Ov orn o 

ACT To INcORPORATE THE NEw YoRK AND CHARLESTON WAREHOUSE AND STEAM NAVIGATION CoMPANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Samuel Sloan, Francis A. Stout, James J. Higginson, Henry P Talmage, Edward E. Chase, George W. Quintard, Charles H Marshall, Robert Murdock, Chandler Robbins, John H. Fisher William P. Hall, aud Frederick W. Wagener, their associates and successors, are hereby constituted a body politic and corporate under the name and style of the New York and Charleston Warehouse and Steam Navigation Company, and by that name and style shall have and exercise all the usual and general rights and powers of corporations Sec. 2. The capital stock of said company shall be seven hun- dred thousand dollars, divided into shares of one hundred dollars each, and any three of the above named corporators may open books of subscription to the capital stock of said company in the cities of New York and Charleston, at such time and place as they may agree upon, and the subscriptions shall be payable in such amounts and at such times as the Directors of said And company, hereinafter named, may, by vote, determine. the said company may issue preferred stock to an amount not exceeding thyee hundred: and fifty thousand ($350, 000) dollars, upon such terms and conditions as the holders of a majority ot the common stock may direct and determine Sec. 3. The number of Directors of said company shall be seven, and the Directors for the first year, until the first general meeting of stockholders, shall be as follows Samuel Sloan John H. Fisher, Edward E. Chase, Francis A. Stout, James J Higginson, Wm. P. Hall, and F. W. Wagener. Sec. 4. The first general meeting of stockholders shall take place in the city of Charleston on. the second Tuesday of May 1882, and regular annual mectings shall take place on that day in each succeeding year, or on such other day as the company by its by-laws may designate, at each of which meetings the stockholders shall elect their. Directors for the following year The Directors above named shall have the power of calling special meetings of the stockholders at such time and place as they may designate, in accordance with the by-laws of the said company, and they are hereby empowered to agree upon and enact such by-laws for the company as shall to them seem best 

which shall be the by-laws of said company, until submitted to the stockholders for their approval at the first general meeting of stockholders above mentioned; at all meetings of stock- holders every subscriber to the stock of the company who has paid all calls for his subscription previously made, shall be en- titled to one vote for each share of stock so subscribed or held by him, which vote may be cast in person or by proxy Sec. 5. The said New York and Charleston. Warehouse and Steam Navigation Company is hereby authorized and empow ered to erect and construct at the city of Charleston, or else- where, on such lands as it may own or acquire, wharves, piers, docks, basins, warehouses, elevators, and cotton presses, together with the approaches thereto, suitable for the accommodation of steamships, vessels, and boats, and for the convenient loading, unloading, shipping, receiving, storing, and warehousing of all kinds of merchandise, and personal property, and may conduct the business usually conducted by warehousemen, wharfingers and lightermen, and miay charge and collect compensation for the storage, dockage, wharfage, lighterage, and all labor inci- dent thereto, including the expense of weighing, insuring, stor- ing, and delivering such merchandise Src. 6. The said New York and Charleston Warehouse and Steam Navigation Company is hereby authorized and empow- ered to construct, equip, purchase, charter, own, and navigate vessels propelled by steam or other motive power, and to use the same in the transportation of merchandise, passengers, and mails between the port of New York, New York, anc the port of Charleston, South Carolina, or elsewhere. Sec. 7. The said company is hereby authorized and empow- ered to lease its wharf and terminal facilities, or steamships, to any railroad incorporated and operated wholly or partly in this State, and for such purpose, power is hereby granted to any railway. whose line of track connects with the wharves and buildings of said company to execute such lease Src. 8. The said company is hereby authorized and empow- ered to subscribe to the stock or bonds of any railway company whose line of track directly or indirectly connects with its wharves and warehouses, and to.loan money to such railway on the security of its bonds or stock; and any railway company. chartered or organized under the laws of this State, whose line of track connects with the warehouse and terminal facilities of said Warehouse and Steam Navigation Company, is hereby authorized and empowered to subscribe for, own, and hold the 

bonds or stock of said company, and. to guarantee its bonds t an amount not exceeding ten per cent. of the capital stock o such railway company And the said Warehouse and Stean Navigation Company is further authorized and empowered tc make advances in money on goods and merchandise stored i its warehouses or elsewhere, and to retain and enforce its lie for such advances in the manner prescribed by law Src. 9. The said company is hereby authorized and empow ered from time to time to borrow such sums of money as may be necessary for its purposes, and for such loans at its option to issue bonds bearing interest at or exceeding six per cent., to sell exchange, and hypothecate such bonds as it may deem advisa ble, and to secure the said bonds and interest thereon by suc deed of trust or mortgage upon its property in such a way a it may be advised Sec. 10. This Act shall take effect immediately after it passage Sec. 11. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue of force for thirty (30) years In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, on thousand cight hundred and eighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To REVIVE, RENEW, AND EXTEND THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN OF SUMMERVILLE Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of the town of Summerville be, and the same is hereby, revived, renewed, and extended, from the day of the date of the expiration thereof. 

SEc. That the Town Council of said town be allowed to ssess, levy, and collect a tax, not exceeding one per cent. on 4 hundred dollars, on all property in said town, real and personal In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J.D KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor N ACT AvTHORIZING AND REQUIRING THE County CommMIs- SIONERS OF MARLBORO COUNTY TO BUILD A NEW CouRT Houses, AND TO IssUE County BonDs TO PAY FOR THE SAME Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same,. That the County Commissioners of Marlboro County be, and they are hereby, authorized and required to build, on the site of the present Court House of Marlboro County, a new Court House for said County, at a cost not exceeding the sum of twenty thousand dollars SEc That in order to raise the money necessary to pay for the building of said Court House, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to issue County bonds in the sum of one hundred dollars each, to an amount not exceeding in the aggregate twenty thousand dollars, drawing interest at a rate not exceeding seven per cent. per annum, and payable in ten equal annual instalments of ten dollars on each bond so issued, first instalment to be paid on the first day of January A. D. 1883, with interest from the date of issue; and each suc- cessive instalment, with the interest thereon, on the same day of each successive year thereafter until the whole amount of ach of said bonds is fully paid up: Provided, The said bonds shall be issued with coupons attached thereto for the interest and portions of principal due each year, and to be receivable for County taxes for said year. That the said Commisioners be and they are hereby, required to levy a sufficient tax each year after the issue of said bonds, to pay the annual instalments of principal and interest thereon as the same may fall due 

Sec. 4. That no issue or sale of said bonds by said Commis- sioners for less than ninety per cent. of their face value, shall e valid, but all such issues and sales, or attempted issues and sales, shall be and void, and of non-effect. Sec. 5. That upon the payment of the coupons of said bonds s the same may fall due, as herein provided, the Treasurer of he said County be, and he is hereby, required to cancel the same. Src. 6. That the County Commissioners be, and they are hereby, required to register said bonds in a book, to be kept by them for that purpose. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT a DEFINE AND SETTLE THE INCORPORATE LIMITS OF THE TOWN OF CHERAW. Whereas, doubts have arisen relative to the incorporate limits of the town of Cheraw by reason of the terms of an Act entitled “An Act to amend Section 5 of an Act entitled ‘An Act to incor- porate certain towns and villages and to renew and amend cer- tain charters hereinbefore granted,” ratified January 28th, 1860, now, therefore, in order to define and settle the limits of said town— ‘ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- sembly and by the authority of the same, That the known limits or boundaries of the town of Cheraw as they existed prior to the approval, December 23, 1879, of an Act entitled “An Act to amend Section 5, of an Act entitled ‘An Act to renew and amend certain charters hereinbefore granted,’ ” ratified January 28, 1860, were in no way diminished or restricted by said Act, but that 

said Act merely enlarges the limits of said town by adding territery thereto on the west and south-west sides thereof. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —— AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE Town oF “SEAVIEW CIty,” IN THE County oF CHARLESTON. Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the completion of the “ Charleston and Sullivan’s Island Railroad,” according to the terms of an Act entitled “An Act to charter the Charleston and Sullivan’s Island Railroad Company,” approved March 16th, 1874, and amendments thereto, all persons, citizens of the State of South Carolina, who are then, or may thereafter become, property-holders in the town of “Sea- view City,” in the County of Charleston, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared, a body politic and corporate ; and said town shall be known and called by the name of “Seaview City,” shall have a common seal, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, in any Court of law or equity in this State; and may purchase, hold, possess, and enjoy to them and their successors, in perpetuity, or for any term of years, any estate, real, per- sonal, or mixed; and its limits shall be deemed and held to extend over the whole of the eastern portion of Sullivan's Island, in said County, granted unto the said Railroad Company in the charter aforesaid and amendments thereto. Sec. 2. That said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States and shall have been property-holders in the said town for sixty days immediately preceding their election, and who shall be elected by the qualified voters of the said town on the fourth Monday in August immediately after the said railroad shall be completed as aforesaid, and every two years thereafter on the fourth Mon- day in March, ten days’ public notice thereof being previously 

given; and that all the male property holders of the age of twenty-one years, citizens of this State, who shall have @wned any portion of the land in said town for sixty days immediately preceding the election, shall be entitled to vote for the said In- tendant and Wardens. For the. purpose of holding the first election under this Act, the Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas of Charleston County shall designate three suitable per- sons, property holders in said town, to act, as Managers of the election; and that the Intendant and Wardens for the time being shall bi-annually appoint Managers to conduct each ensu- ing election. Sec. 3. That in case a vacancy should occur in the office of Intendant or of any of the Wardens, by death, resignation, or removal from the State or town, or from any other cause, an election shall be held by the appointment of the Intendant and Wardens, or Wardens, as the case may be, ten days’ notice thereof, as aforesaid, being given; and in case of sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant, the Wardens forming a Council shall be empowered to elect one of their number to act as Intendant during such sickness or absence. Sec. 4. That the Town Council of “Seaview City” be, and they are hereby, authorized to establish a guard or police for the better security and regulation of the said town, and to pass such ordinances as they may deem expedient to define the duties, fix the compensation, and impose fines and penalties for neglect or improper discharge of duties of said guard, and, generally,, to perform all acts necessary and proper to effectuate the intention of this Act, and make and establish all rules and orders relative to said guard, not inconsistent with the laws of the State; that the Intendant, duly elected and qualified, shall, during his term of service, be vested with all the powers of Trial Justices and Justices of the Peace in this State, in all matters touching the violation of any ordinance or ordinances of the said town ; and that the Intendant shall, as often as occasion may require, sum- mon the Wardens to meet in Council, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and shall be known by the name of the Town Council of “Seaview City ;” and they and their successors in office shall have a common seal, and shall have power to appoint, from time to time, such and so many proper persons to act as Marshals or Constables as they shall deem expedient and proper, which officers shall have all powers, privileges, and emoluments, and be subject to all the duties, penalties, and regulations provided by the laws of this 

State for the office of Constable. And the Intendant and War- dens, in Council, shall have power and authority, under their - corporate seal, to ordain and establish all such rules and by-laws and ordinances respecting streets, ways, public wells and springs, or fountains of water, markets, and police of said town of “Seaview City” and for preserving peace, health, and order, and good government within'the same, as they may deem expedient and proper, not inconsistent with or repugnant to the laws of the State; and all such by-laws and ordinances shall, at all times, be subject to revisal or repeal by the General Assembly of the State. And the said Council may affix fines for offences against such by-laws and ordinances, and appropriate the same to the use of said corporation ; but no fine shall exceed thirty dollars, and when fines shall exceed twenty dollars the same to be collected-as fines and penalties in Trial Justices’ Courts. Src. 5. That the said Town Council shall have power to impose an annual tax upon all real and personal property within the limits of said town: Provided, Said tax does not exceed the sum of fifty cents on the one hundred dollars: And provided, further, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent the said Town Council from imposing licenses for ‘the sale of liquor, either by wholesale or retail, or for the keeping of billiard rooms, bowling alleys, or other places of public amusement. Sec. 6. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. Src. 7. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act in all courts of justice, and shall continue of force until repealed. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives, Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE Esaven Lime FERTILIZER AND Manuracturina CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That David C. Ebaugh, John C. Mallonee, David W. Ebaugh, George S. Brown, and their associates and successors are hereafter made and created a body politic of corporate under the name and style of the Ebaugh Lime Fertilizer and Manufacturing Company, to be located at or near the tract of land, in Colleton County, known as Mellichamp’s Landing, Ashley River, for the purpose of digging and mining phosphates and phosphatic deposits, marls, and other minerals, and of manufacturing and preparing fertilizers, lime, building materials, agricultural implements and any other articles of any nature or kind whatsoever, which they may from time to time desire, and for cutting and sawing timber and lumber, and selling the same, and for producing and making all machinery, tools, and implements necessary to or used for such purposes, and may erect such mills,, buildings, machine shops, stores, dwellings, and other works, as may be required or necessary to carry out such branches of manufacture and business, and also for the transaction of all business con- nected with the said purposes or any of them. Sec. 2. That the parties aforesaid shalt have power to raise by subscription a capital for the said corporation of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000) in one hundred and fifty (150) shares of one hundred dollars ($100) each: Provided, however, That a majority of the Board of Directors of the said corporation shall have the power of increasing the said capital stock to any extent not ex- ceeding one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) whenever they may deem proper to do so; and the said corporation shall, by its by-laws, provide for the manner of raising and distributing such additional capital stock. Sec. 3. That the said corporation may purchase and hold all such real and personal estate as may from time to time be re- quired for thelr purposes, or such as they may be obliged or may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due to the said corporation, and may dispose of the same; may erect such mills, machine shops, dwellings, and other buildings thereon as may be deemed necessary or desirable, may sue and be sued, may have and use a common seal, may make such by- laws for the regulation and government of said corporation in any and all matters whatsoever, not inconsistent with the Con- stitution and laws of the United States and of this State, as may be deemed necessary ; and may add to, alter, or amend the same from time to time as may be desired; and shall have generally 

all the rights, powers. and privileges in law incident or apper- taining to corporations. Sec. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and several liable to the creditors thereof in an amount (beside the value of his share or shares therein) not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one vear: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two vears after such debt may have become due. and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two vears after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Prorided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee. or in any other fiduciary capacity. shall be liable thereon, beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 5. That each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he may own or represent at all elections and all meetings of the corporation ; and the said corporation have authority in its by-laws to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representa- tion by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such elections and meetings. Sec. 6. That the capital stock of the said corporation shall be deemed personal property; and the said corporation shall have autbority in its by-laws to make all such regulations as may be deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and trans- fer of its stock or for collecting or enforcing by sale or other- wise all subscriptions made thereto. Sec. 7. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of forty years, and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meeting next thereafter. In the Senate House, the nincteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To RE-INCORPORATE THE LADIES’ BENEVOLENT Socrery OF THE CITY OF CHARLESTON. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That “The Ladies’ Benevolent Society” of the city of Charleston, is hereby re- incorporated for the term of thirty years, with all the powers and privileges heretofore granted to the said Society ; and that all acts done by the corporation of the “Ladies’ Benevolent So- ciety” since the expiration of its charter, are declared to be valid and have the like effect as though they had been done under a charter ; and that all property, of any and every nature and kind, held by the said “Ladies’ Benevolent Society” of the city of Charleston, either at the time of the expiration of its late charter, or at the present time, be vested and confirmed in the said Society herein re-incorporated. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To REGULATE THE SALE OF CERTAIN FORFEITED LAND Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Board of Commissioners of the Sinking Fund be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed, in conveying to the City Council of Charleston the lot of land and buildingin the city of Charleston dq known as the Hibernian Hall, in pursuance of the agreement! entered into between the said Board and the said City Council, to receive in payment therefor, in the manner provided in said agreement, the amount of taxes due and unpaid upon the said property, calculated upon an assessment of the same of twelve 

thousand dollars, without costs or penalties, except Treasurer's costs. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ———— AN ACT TO PREVENT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OR INTOXICATING LIQUORS IN THE TOWN OF Rock HiL1, In York County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, no license for the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors shall be granted by the muni- cipal authorities of the town of Rock Hill, in York County. Sec. 2. That any person violating any of the provisions of this Act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of not less than two hundred dollars, or be imprisoned for a term of not less than six months, or both fined and imprisoned, in the discretion of the Court trying the case. Sec. 3. This Act shall take effect from the date of its approval. In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT to AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO RENEW AND AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN OF Mt. PLEASANT.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and _ sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That 

Section 5 of “An Act to renew and amend the charter of the town of Mt. Pleasant,’ approved February 28, 1871, be, and the same is hereby, amended by striking out the last portion of said Section 5, which begins on the 26th line of said Sec- tion with the words “And the said Town Council may im- pose fines for and inserting the following in lieu thereof “And the said Town Council is hereby authorized and em- powered to provide by ordinance for the punishment of all offences against their by-laws and ordinances by fine or by imprisonment in the jail of the County, or by both: Provided That no such fine shall exceed one hundred dollars ($100), and no such imprisonment shall exceed thirty (30) days; and the said Town Council shall appropriate all such fines to the public use of said tow And the said Intendant, or any of the said Wardens for any cause acting as Intendant, shall have power to try and determine any and all action and actions arising under the by-laws and ordinances of the said Town Council, and for the violation of any such by-law or ordinance to impose such penalty by fine or imprisonment, or both, as may be prescribed by ordinance as above directed; and he shall have the same power as Trial Justices to compel the attendance of witnesses and to require them to. give evidence upon the trial before him 4 of any such action or actions: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Town Council to make any by-laws or ordinances inconsistent with, or repugnant to, the laws of this State; and all the by-laws, rules, and ordinances which the said Town Council may . make, shall at all times be subject to revisal or repeal by t the General Assembly of this State ” Src. 2 . That Section 9 of the said Act be amended by striking out the svords | ‘Town Council of Mt. Pleasant ” in the 1st line of said Section 9 and inserting in lieu thereof the words “In- tendant or any of the said Wardens for any cause acting as In- tendant.” Sec. 3. That Section 10 of the said Act be, and the same is hereby, amended by inserting immediately after the word§ “town ” on the 2nd, line of said Section 10 the following words: “And to require all peddlers, common carriers, and ether persons | doing business at, in, or to said town, to take out or procure d euch | license as the said Town Council may prescribe for his, her, its, or their respective trade, occupation, or business; and the said Town Council is hereby authorized and empowered to fix from time to time the amount to be paid for such respective 

licenses, not exceeding the sum of two hundred dollars, and the penalties for non-payment of the same.” And by striking out the last clause of said Section 10, beginning on the 9th line of said Section 10 with the words “The said Town Council shall have the power to enforce the,” and inserting in lieu thereof the fol- lowing: “The said Town Council shall be, and it is hereby, vested with power and authority to make any tax hereafter im- posed by it a lien paramount to all other liens, except taxes imposed by the State, which may exist or may thereafter attach to any real property in reference to which the tax is levied ; and the said lien shall remain in force as a paramount lien for the term of two years: Provided, That no such lien shall exist unless the amount of taxes claimed against each piece of pro- perty be recorded in a book kept for the purpose, showing the name of the person in whose name it is returned, an accurate description of the property, and the amount of taxes claimed, which book shall be kept by the Treasurer of said town and be open to the inspection of the public; and the said Treasurer shall furnish certificate of what taxes are claimed against any piece of property on the demand of any person, for which he shall be allowed to charge a fee of twenty-five cents for each piece of property. That the Act entitled “An Act providing for the assessment and taxation of property,” passed the 15th ‘day of September, A. D. 1868, and all amendments thereof, be, and the same are hereby extended, so far as the same are ap- plicable, to the said town of Mt. Pleasant for the purposes of assessment and taxation of the personal property taxable in said town for municipal purposes, and the same shall be the rule of the said Town Council of Mt. Pleasant in assessing personal property and levying a tax thereon for municipal purposes, with such modifications as are hereinafter provided. a. Such returns n of personal property for taxation, as are in said last mentioned Act required to be made to the State and County Auditor, shall be made at such time or times and to such officer or officers as the said Town Council by ordinance shall direct. b. The as- sessment of personal property, pursuant to said last mentioned ‘ Act, and the charging of taxes thereon, shall be made at such time or times and by such officer or officers as the said Town Council by ordinance shall direct. ce. The collection of all taxes levied and licenses imposed by the said Town Council for muni- | cipal purposes shall be made at such time or times and by such officer or officers as the said Town Council by ordinance shall direct. d. The penalties for neglect to make returns, for false 

returns, and for non-payment of taxes, provided in said last mentioned Act, and the mode of procedure to obtain returns and correct false returns, and also the collection of delinquent taxes, shall be enforced at such time or times and by such officer or officers as the said Town Council by ordinance shall direct. e. The sale of property, real or personal, for unpaid taxes shall be made at such times and places and by such officer or officers as the said Town Council by ordinance shall direct. f. The said Town Council of Mt. Pleasant shall appoint a Board of Equalization, consisting of three citizens. to continue in office during the pleasure of said Town Council, or may itself act as such, for the purpose of equalizing the personal property, moneys, and credits in said town pursuant to said last men- tioned Act. And an appeal from any assessment made by any officer or officers authorized’ to make the same, may be had within such time as may be prescribed by said Town Council, to such Board of Equalization, who shall hear and determine the appeal and whose decision shall be final.” Sec. 4. That the following Section, to be numbered “Sec. 12,” be inserted immediately after Section 11 of the said Act of February 28, 1871, first above mentioned: ‘The said Town Coun- cil of Mt. Pleasant, is hereby authorized to pass any ordinance or ordinances to carry the intent and purpose of this Act into full effect,” and that “Section 12” of the said Act of February 28, 1871, be changed to “Section 13.” In the Senate House, the nineteenth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. | J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. . JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE GEORGETOWN AND LANE's RalIL- ROAD CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That P. R. Lachicotte, C. P. Allston, B. D. Bourne, S. E. Barnwell, P. E. Braswell, B. I. Hazard, L.S. Ehrich, C. Gilbert, George 

R. Congdin, E. Baum, H. Kaminski, Edwin Harker, B. H. Williams and David Risley, their associates, successors, and as- signs, be, and are hereby, constituted a body politic and corpo- rate under the name and style of the Georgetown and Lane’s Railroad Company. Sec. 2. That the said Company is hereby authorized to con- struct, maintain, and operate a railroad extending from the town of Georgetown, through the County of Georgetown, to the depot of Lane’s, on the Northeastern Railroad, in the County of Williamsburg, with the right to cross any river, stream, or other railroad; and such company shall have power to purchase, hold, use, lease, and convey such estates, real, personal, and mixed, for the purposes of the corporation herein provided for, and to acquire the same by gift or devise; to have and use a common seal, which it may change or alter at pleasure; may sue and.be sued, plead and be impleaded in every proper court of the State of South Carolina; may adopt such by-laws, not in- consistent with the laws of this State, as may be necessary to carry out the objects of the corporation; shall have and enjoy all the rights, powers, and privileges of other like corporate bodies under the laws of this State; and shall have the same ex- clusive right of transportation over its road and branches which is now exercised by any other railroad in this State. Sec. 3. That the said Company may also own, lease, or charter such wharves, steamers, and vessels, or other water craft, as may be necessary to conduct a general freighting and passen- ger business; and may run such branches from its main track, with either wooden or iron rails, to the distance of twenty miles, in such direction as it may deem proper. Sec. 4. That for the purpose of raising the capital stock of said Company, which shall not exceed five hundred thousand dollars, the corporators in the first Section named, or any five of them, shall, as soon after the passage of this Act as may be convenient, appoint such commissioners to open books of sub- scription at such times and places, and under such rules as they prescribe. The capital stock of said Company shall be divided into shares of the value of twenty-five dollars each, and sub- scriptions thereto may be received payable in money, bonds, or other valuable securities, lands, labor, or any material necessary for the construction and equipment of said road, in such manner, and on such terms and conditions, as may be agreed upon be- tween said Company and such subscribers. Sec. 5. That whenever the sum of ten thousand dollars shall 

have been subscribed to the capital stock of said Company it shall be the duty of said corporators, or any five of them, to call a meeting of the stockholders, after giving such notice as to | them shall seem sufficient, at such time and place as they shalla determine. At all general meetings of said stockholders not less than a majority of all the stock subscribed shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Said stock may be represented in person or by proxy, and stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share held by them in all meetings of said Company. Said stockholders, when so met in general meeting, shall have power to elect a President and nine Direc- tors of said Company, a majority of whom shall reside in South 7 Carolina, whose term of office shall be for one year, and until their successors are chosen. Sec. 6. That it shall be lawful for any incorporated town of thir State to subscribe to the capital stock of said Company such sum as the qualified voters shall determine upon at an election to be ordered by the Town Council thereof: Provided, Said Company shall be willing to receive such subscription; and the subscription of any such town shall be made in seven (7) per cent. coupon bonds, of the denominations of one hundred, five hundred, and one thousand dollars, payable in twenty years, the interest thereon to be raised annually by taxation; and the coupons of all such bonds shall be receivable for taxes or other dues to the municipality. Src. 7. That in all meetings of stockholders the stock of any town subscribing, as above provided, shall be represented by a commission to be composed of the nine largest male resident real estate taxpayers of such town, any firm or corporation to be represented on said Commission by a representative to be chosen by such firm or corporation; Provided, Such representa- tive shall be a member or officer of such firm or corporation. Sec. 8. That for tho purpose of constituting said Commission, it shall be the duty of the Town Council of such town, forty days prior to each annual meeting of the stockholders, to obtain from the Auditor of the County in which said town is situated a certified list, under oath, of the nine largest resident real- estate tax-payers, as aforesaid, which list shall be published in all the newspapers of' said town for at least thirty days prior to such annual meeting. And it shall be the duty of the Town Coun- cil, fifteen days prior to such annual meeting, to give to each qualified real-estate tax-payer, as aforesaid, a certificate of his appoibrment id a member of said Commission, which shall be 

signed by the Intendant and Wardens and sealed with the seal of the town; and upon receiving such certificates said Commis- sioner shall have power and authority to represent the stock of said town, as hereinbefore provided, and to do any and all acts necessary for the exercise of the rights, powers, and _privi- leges conferred upon them by this Act. Sec. 9. In all meetings of stockholders each member of said Commission shall represent one ninth of the stock of the town, and shall be entitled to one vote for each share which he so represents. All vacancies in said Commission caused by death, resignation, or otherwise, shall be filled by the Commission from among the five next largest male resident real-estate tax- payers to be ascertained as above provided, such election to be valid until the next annual appointment of Commissioners. Sec. 10. That the bonds issued by any incorporated town sub- scribing, as aforesaid, shall be placed in the hands of said Com- mission, who are hereby authorized and empowered to nego- tiate the same upon such terms as may be deemed by them most advantageous. Sec. 11. That said Company is hereby authorized and em- powered to issue coupon bonds to be secured by a mortgage or other lien on said road, together with its franchises, property, and effects, both real and personal, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding seven (7) per cent. per annum, and payable at such time as may be deemed best for the interest of the Com- pany. Src. 12. That said Company may lease, transfer, or farm out y said road or any part thereof: Provided, The consent of the stockholders be first obtained ; and may also unite and consoli- k date with any other railroad now built or hereafter to be built in this State, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon: Provided, The consent of the stockholders be first had; and may adopt such corporate name as may be agreed upon by said companies thus consolidating: Provided, Such consolidation shall not in any way impair any debt or debts which said Com- pany may have contracted. Sxc. 13. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in any amount (beside the value of his share or shares therein) not ex- ceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder 

liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after suc q debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stoc holder therein, or within two years after he shall have cease to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person hol ing a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or i any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond th value of the estate held by him as such executor, administratoy trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity Sxc. 14. That the said road shall be subject to the provision of an Act entitled “An Act to declare the manner by which th lands or right of way over the lands of persons or corporation may be taken for the construction and uses of railways or othe internal improvements,” ratified September 22. 1868; and thi Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue in fore Provided, That the work on th for the term of forty years said road shall be commenced within two years from the pas sage of this Act and completed within five years thereafter, Sec. 15. That this Act shall take effect immediately after it passage In the Senate House, the twentieth day of December, on thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——. AN ACT To MAKE APPROPRIATIONS TO MEET THE ORDINARY EX PENSES OF THE STATE GOVERNMENT FOR THE FISCAL YEA COMMENCING NovEMBER 1, 1881 Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General’ Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Tha the sum of six hundred and eighty-nine thousand two hundred and seventy-four 33-100 dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap- propriated to meet the ordinary expenses of the State Govern- ment for the fiscal year commencing November 1, 1881, as is more specifically indicated in the several succeeding Sections o: this Act 

Src 2. 1. That the sum of fifty-three thousand two hundred land thirty-four dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to meet the expenses of the Executive Department, as follows For the salary of the Governor, thirty-five hundred dollars; for the salary of the Governor’s Private Secretary, fifteen hun- dred dollars; for the salary of the Governor’s Messenger, four hundred dollars ; for the contingent fund of the Governor, for rewards and other purposes, four thousand dollars ; for station- ery and stamps for the Governor, two hundred and fifty dollars. 3. For the salary of the Lieutenant Governor, one thousand dollars 4. For the salary of the Secretary of State, twenty-one hun- dred dollars; for the salary of the Clerk of the Secretary of State, fifteen hundred dollars; for the contingent fund of the Secretary of State, two hundred dollars; for stationery and stamps for the Secretary of State, two hundred and twenty-five dollars. 5. For the sulaey of the Comptroller-General, twenty-one hundred dollars; for the salary of the Chief Clerk of the Com- troller General, fifteen hundred dollars; for the salary of the Book-keeper of the Comptroller General, fifteen hundred dol- lars; for the contingent fund of the Comptroller General, two hundred dollars; for stationery and stamps for the Comptroller General, two hundred and fifty-dollars; for printing for the Comptroller General, two hundred dollars. 6. For the salary of the State Treasurer, twenty-one hundred dollars; for the salary of the Chief Clerk of the State Treasurer, fifteen hundred dollars; for the salary of the Book-keeper (Loan Department) of the State Treasurer, fifteen hundred dol- lars; for the salary of the General Book-keeper of the State Treasurer, fifteen hundred dollars; for the contingent fund of the State Treasurer, two hundred dollars; for stationery and stamps for the State Treasurer, two hundred and fifty dollars ; for extra clerical services in the office of the State Treasurer, three hundred dollars, if so much be necessary, to facilitate the payment of interest on the public debt 7. For the salary of the State Superintendent of Education ftwenty-one hundred dollars; for the salary of the Clerk of the State Superintendent of Education, twelve hundred dollars; for the contingent fund of the State Superintendent of education two hundred dollars; for stationery and stamps for the State Su- 

perintendent of Education, one hundred and fifty dollars; for printing books and blank forms for the use of the public schools, ight hundred dollars; for the travelling expenses of the State Superintendent of Education and the State Board of Exam- ners, and board of members of said Examining Board, three ih undred and fifty dollars, if so much be necessary: Provided, hat an itemized statement of such expenses be kept by the State Superintendent of Education, and reported by him to the mext General Assembly. 8. For the salary of the Adjutant and Inspector General, i fteen hundred dollars; for the salary of the Clerk of the djutant and Inspector General, twelve hundred dollars; for he salary of the State Armorer, five hundred dollars; for the salary of the Ordnance Sergeant of the State, four hun- dred dollars; for the contingent fund of the Adjutant and Inspector General, one hundred dollars; for stationery and stamps for the Adjutant and Inspector General, one hundred dollars; for the purchase of arms and equipments, for collect- ing arms, freight, advertising, printing, and the expense of inspections, and for purchasing missing parts of arms, two thousand dollars; for assisting companies to maintain their organization, twelve thousand dollars, if so much be necessary, to be disbursed by the Adjutant and Inspector General on the warrant of the Comptroller General. 9. For the salary of the State Librarian, six hundred and twenty-five dollars; for the contingent fund of the State Libra- rian, two hundred dollars; for stationery anc stamps for the State Librarian, one hundred and twenty-five dollars. 10. For the salary cf the State House Keeper, five hundred dollars; for the contingent fund of the State House keeper, for repairs on State House, one hundred dollars; to the Keeper of the State House, for the expenses of purchasing, cultivating, and fertilizing plants in the State House grounds, two hundred and seventy-four dollars, if s0 much be necessary. 11. For the salary of one night watchman of the State House Grounds, seventy-five dollars; for the salary of two watch- men for the State House, eight hundred dollars; for the salary of the Janitor of the State House, one hundred and sixty dollars. Judicial Department. Src. 3. 1. That the sum of sixty-two thousand and fifty ($62,050.00) dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Sec- 

tion of this Act-be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to mect the expenses of the Judicial Department, as follows ; 2. For the salary of the Chief Justice, four thousand dollars ; for the salary of two Associate Justices, seven thousand dollars. 3. For the salary of the eight Circuit Judges, twenty-cight thousand dollars; for the salary of the eight Circuit Solicitors, twelve thousand five hundred dollars. 4. For the salary of the Clerk of the Supreme Court, one thousand dollars; for the salary of the State Reporter, one thousand dollars; for the salary of the Librarian of the Su- preme Court, and other officers, to be appointed by the Supreme Court, twelve hundred dollars; for the Contingent Fund of the Supreme Court, five hundred dollars; for purchasing books for the Supreme Court Library, one thousand dollars. 5. For purchasing one hundred copies cach of the 15th and 16th volumes of the Reports of the Supreme Court, one thou- sand dollars. 6. For the salary of the Attorney General, twenty-one hun- dred dollars; for the salary of the Clerk of the Attorney Gen- eral, fifteen hundred dollars; for the Contingent Fund of the Attorney General, two hundred dollars; for stationery and stamps for the Attorney General, fifty dollars; for expenses of litigation, one thousand dollars, if so much be necessary. Health Department. Sec. 4. 1. That the sum of seven thousand four hundred and fifty dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to meet the ex- penses of the Health Department, as follows: 2. For the salary of the Quarantine Officer of Charleston, fif- teen hundred dollars ; for the expense of maintaining the Quar- antine Station, Charleston harbor, one thousand dollars. 3. For the salary of the Quarantine Officer of St. Helena, eight hundred dollars; for expenses of Quarantine Station at St. Helena, one hundred and fifty dollars. 4. For the salary of the Quarantine Officer of Port Royal, eight hundred dollars; for expenses of Quarantine Station lat Port Royal, one hundred and fifty dollars. 5. For the salary of the Quarantine Officer of Georgetown, five hundred dollars; for expenses of Quarantine Station at Georgetown, one hundred and fifty dollars. 6. For the salary of the Keeper of the Lazaretto, four hun- dred dollars. 

7. For the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the Act to establish a State Board of Health, two thousand dollars That the various amounts specified in this Section of thi Act shall be paid upon the application of the Chairman of th State Board of Health on the warrants of the Comptrolley General Tax Department Sec. 5. 1. That the sum of twenty-two thousand two hundred dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of thi Act be and the same is hereby appropriated to meet the ex penses of the Tax Department, as follows 2. For the salaries of the County Auditors, twenty thousand two hundred dollars 3. For printing books, &., for County Auditors and Treas urers, two thousand dollars South Carolina University. Sec. 6. 1. That the sum-of twelve thousand five hundred dol lars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act be and the same is hereby appropriated to meet the expense of the South Carolina University, to wit 2. For the payment of the insurance and repairs on the Univer. sity buildings, two thousand dollars, to be paid on the applica tion of the Board of Trustees upon the warrants of the Comp troller General 3. For the salary of the Librarian of the South Carolina Uni versity, five hundred dollars. 4. For the purposes of the schools in the South Carolina Uni versity at Columbia, to be used in the manner prescribed by law ten thousand dollars, to be paid upon the application of th Board of Trustees of the University of South Carolina, on th warrants of the Comptroller General. Penal and Charitable Institutions Sec. 7. 1. That the sum of one hundred and twenty-two thou sand six hundred and eighty-three dollars of the amount appro priated in the first Section of this Act be, and the same is hereb appropriated to meet the expenses of the Penal and Charitabl Institutions. South Carolina Penitentiary 2. For the salary of the Superintendent of the Penitentiary twenty-one hundred dollars; for the salary of the Physician o the Penitentiary, to be appointed by the Superintendent, twelve« hundred dollars ; for the salary of the Chaplain of the Peniten 

tiary, who shall be appointed by the Superintendent, six hun- dred dollars; for the salary of the Clerk of the Penitentiary twelve hundred dollars; for which amounts the Comptroller General is .authorized and directed to issue his warrants, any law to the contrary notwithstandin for the per diem and mile- age of the Directors of the Penitentiary (each of whom shalt be entitled to receive five dollars a day for each day actually en- gaged. in attending the meetings of the Board at Columbia or the business thereof, and also ten cents per mile for the number of miles actually travelled), fourteen hundred dollars, if s0 much be necessary, to be paid out of the earnings of the institution by the Superintendent on the order of the Chairman of the Board of Directors 3. That the balance as reported in the hands of the Board of Directors of the South Carolina Penitentiary to the credit of the maintenance fund on the 31st October, 1881, together with the amounts received for the hire or labor of convicts for the cur- rent fiscal year be and the same are hereby appropriated for the support of the Penitentiary and purchasing land, and for building purposes, as hereinafter indicated, namely, for purchasing land adjacent or convenient to the Penitentiary, if it can be procured on favorable terms, fifty-five hundred dollars; for buildings for the use of Superintendent and officers of the Penitentiary, six thousand dollars ; for building barracks for the use of the guard of the Penitentiary, two thousand dollars. That the Board of Directors of the South Carolina Penitentiary are hereby required to turn over on the first day of November, 1882, to the State Treasurer any and all balances of the appropriations herein made for support, building, and purchase of land, toge- ther with the balance of the net earnings remaining in their hands after first subtracting the sum of ten thousand dollars, which they are hereby authorized to retain in their hands to await the further action of the General Assembly South Carolina Lunatie Asylum 4. For the salary of the Superintendent of the Lunatic Asylum, twenty-one hundred dollars; for the current expenses t.in support of the Lunatic Asylum, seventy thousand dollars, together with the balance of maintenance fund now on hand to be paid on the application of the Superintendent, approved by the Board of Regents, upon the warrants of the Comptroller General; for completing what is known as the north wing of the Lunatic Asylum, twenty thousand nine hundred and eighty- 

three dollars; for furnishing the north wing of suid Asylum, three thousand dollars; for building laundry and workshops, three thousand dollars; for purchasing engine for laundry and work- shops, twelve hundred dollars; for purchasing land adjacent or convenient to the Asylum for the use of the Asylum, four thou- sand dollars, if so much be necessary, to be paid on the applica- tion of the Superintendent, approved by the Board of Regents upon the warrants of the Comptroller General The Superin- tendent and Board of Regents of the Lunatic Asylum are hereby required to make an exhibit of the sums paid each month for the various purposes above set forth, together with the per. son to whom paid, (including persons on the pay roll,) and the purpose fur which paid, and that each item be referred to by the number of the voucher for the sanie Deaf and Dumb and the Blind’ Asylum 5. For the support of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind Asylum, nine thousand dollars; for the purpose of heating the Institution by steam, thirty-five hundred dollars, to be paid on the application of the Superintendent, approved by the Chair- man and Secretary of the Board of Commissioners of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind upon the warrant of the Comptroller General Catawba Indians 6. For the Catawba Indians, eight hundred dollars, to be paid on the application of the Agent, upon the warrant of the Comp- troller General : Provided, That the said Agent before receiving said warrant enter into bond in the sum of sixteen lundied dollars with surety to be approved by the Governor for the faithful disbursement of any funds which hereafter may come into his hands Miscellaneous Seo. 8. 1. That the sum of ten thousand two hundred and nine 50-100 dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Sec- tion of this Act be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for miscellaneous expenses, namely 2. For the Civil Contingent fund, fifteen hundred dollars, to be paid on the order of the Governor, upon the warrants of the Comptroller General 3. For the aid of the State Agricultural and Mechanical Society of South Carolina, twenty-five hundred dollars, to be paid on the application of the President of said Society, upon the warrant of the Comptroller General 

4. For repairs to the Governor’s Mansion, one hundred dol- lars, if 80 much be necessary, to be paid on the order of the Governor upon the warrant of the Comptroller General 5. For the salaries of the Railroad Commissioner and Clerk to wit, twenty-one hundred dollars for the Railroad Commis- sioner, and one thousand dollars for his Clerk, and the further sum of three hundred and fifty dollars to pay the contingent expenses of the office for the year 1882, to be advanced by the State, until the same shall have been collected from the railroad companies of this State, in the manner prescribed by law; and when collected, the same shall be replaced in the State Treasury. 6. For the purpose of supplying the deficiency existing in the appropriation of 1880 for the celebration of the Yorktown Centennial, two hundred and eighty dollars. 7. For purchasing Blanks for the General Election of 1882, eight hundred dollars, if s0 much be necessary. 8. For defraying the expenses of the consolidation of the bonded debt as provided by law, fifteen hundred dollars, together with the unexpended balance now remaining in the Treasury heretofore appropriated for like purposes, if so much be neces- sary, the same to be paid on the application of the State Treas- urer upon the warrants of the Comptroller General 9. For the payment of the printing for the Commission ap- pointed under Act of Assembly, to consider and suggest amend- ments to the Constitution of this State, seventy-nine 50-100 dol- lars, to be paid on the application of the State Printer, approved by the Chairman of said Commission on the warrant of the Comptroller General Interest on the Valid Debt of the State Sec. 9. 1. That the sum of three hundred and ninety-eight thousand nine hundred and forty-seven and 83-100 dollars (if so {much be necessary) of the amount appropriated in the first Sec- tion of this Act, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to pay the interest on the valid debt of the State which shall mature and become payable on the first day of January and on the first day of July in the year eighteen hundred and eighty-two, that is to say; 2. To pay the coupons and interest to mature and be- come payable as aforesaid on all valid consolidated bonds and stocks of the State now outstanding, and on all such bonds and stocks which may be hereafter issued under any Acts of the General Assembly which may provide for said issue 3. To pay the coupons and interest to mature and become 

payable as aforesaid on the deficiency bonds and stocks of the State which have been or may be issued under an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the settlement of the unfunded debt of the State incurred before the lst of November, 1876,” and the Acts amending the same. 4. To pay the interest to mature and become payable as afore- said on the State Stock issued to the Board of Trustees of the South Carolina University for the benefit of the Agricultural College under an Act approved 23rd December, 1879. 5. That in anticipation of the collection of the taxes to be levied to meet the appropriations hereinbefore made, the Gov- ernor and the State Treasuret be, and they are hereby, empow- ered to borrow on the credit of the State so much money as may be needed to meet promptly, at maturity, the interest which shall mature during the year 1882, on the valid interest bearing debt of the State: Provided, That the sum so borrowed shall in no event exceed the amount of two hundred thousand dollars. 6. To be paid to T. S. Cavender, on account of interest for the year 1879, on deficiency bonds and stock, to the amount of six thousand eight hundred and thirteen 90-100 dollars, the sum of four hundred and eight 83-100 dollars, being the amount of interest heretofore unpaid. Sec. 10. That the amounts specified in the several preceding Sections of this Act for salaries and clerical services shall be payable monthly, and shall be paid upon the warrants of the | Comptroller General, and the amounts specified for contingent funds and stationery, as shall be required, shall be paid upon the warrants of the Comptroller General, on the application of the various officers entitled to the same: Provided, That the amounts and vouchers upon which said applications are made shall be filed with the Comptroller General before issuing his warrants on the State Treasurer for the same; that for the amount required by the various officers for purchase of stamps, the Comptroller General is hereby authorized to issue his war- rant to the said officer. Sec. 11. That the moneys hereinbefore set apart to be used as contingent funds, and for other purposes, by the various offi- cers of the State government. shall be duly accounted for, and such officer shall make a detailed statement of the disposition made thereof to the General Assembly at the next regular ses- ( sion, on or before the first day of December, A. D. 1882 Pro-| vided, That no officer authorized to make contracts or draw funds from said appropriations, shall expend, or make contracts 

xpending, more than has been specified for any purpose by his Act. Sec. 12. That this Act shall take effect from and after the date of its approval. Sec. 13. That all Acts and Joint Resolutions, or parts of Acts nd Joint Resolutions, inconsistent or conflicting with the pro- isions of this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the twentieth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_——— AN ACT To REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT GRANTING CERTAIN PRIVILEGES TO PERSONS RENTING STALLS IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS OF THE CITY OF CHARLESTON, APPROVED 20 FEBRUARY, 1880. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- tled “An Act granting certain privileges to persons renting stalls in the public markets of the city of Charleston,” approved 20 February, 1880, be and the same is hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the twentieth day of Devember, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE CoLuMBIA ArRcTIC IcE CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That C. C. Habenicht, F.M. McMillan, their associates and suc- 

cessors, shall be, and they are hereby, made and constituted a body politic and corporate, with all the rights and privileges common and necessary to such corporations, under the name of “The Columbia Arctic Ice Company ” and under that name are hereby made able and capable, in law, to have, hold, pur- chase, and receive, all real and personal estate they may deem necessary to carry out the objects of the said corporation ; and may sell, grant, and dispose of the same at will may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in their corporate name, make and use a common seal, and do all other acts incident to bodies politic and corporate. Sec. 2. That the objects of said corporation shall be for the manufacture of ice, and for general refrigerating purposes, in the city of Columbia Src. 3. That the capital stock of said Company shall be twenty five thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing it to fifty thousand dollars ; said capital stock to be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each; each share to entitle the holder to one vote for every share held by him, or for which he holds a proxy Sec. 4. That the said corporators are hereby authorized to make and enforce all rules and by-laws that may be deemed necessary and expedient to carry into effect the provisions o this Act, and for the transfers and assignments of the stock which shall, however, be transferable only on the books of the Company. In the Senate House, the twentieth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, 1881. J OHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT TO REGULATE THE SITTINGS OF THE COURTS OF TH Turrp JupicIAL CigcuIT Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Tha the Circuit Courts of the Third Judicial Circuit shall be held a 

follows: The Court of General Sessions at Sumter, for the County of Sumter, on the first Mondays in February and Oc. tober, and the fourth Monidays in May, and the Court of Com- mon Pleas at the same place on the second Mondays in February and October. The Court of General Sessions at Manning. for the County of Clarendon, on the third Mondays in February, May, and October, and the Court of Common Pleas at the same place on the Wednesdays following the third Mondays in Fel- ruary and October. The Court of General Sessions at Kings tree, for the County of Williamsburg, on the fourth Mondays in February and October. and on the second Monday in May, and the Court of Common Pleas at the same place on the Wednes days following the fourth Mondays in February and October. The Court of General Sessions at Georgetown, for the County of Georgetown, on the first Mondays after the fourth Mondays in February and October, and cn the first Monday in May, and the Court of Common Pleas at the same place on the Wedne= days following the Mondays on which the Court of General Ses. sions opens for said County of Georgetown: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Circuit Judge from hearing and determining, in any of the Counties above named, at the May Term of the Court, all causes which do not require the intervention of a jury. Sec. 2. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. Src. 3. This Act shall take effect from and immediately after its passage. In the Senate House, the twentieth day of December. one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _ AN ACT To INCORPORATE A MANUFACTURING COMPANY ON THE GREAT SALTKAHATCHIE RIVER, IN BARNWELL Country, S. C.. TO BE KNOWN AS “ DuUNCANNON MILLs.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That W.4H. Duncan, Willis J. Duncan, W. H. Duncan, Jr., W. T. Blanton, J. W. Woodward, H. H. Easterling, A. J. Weathersbee. F. H. Brown, W. B. Rice, T. H. Johnson, and such other persons as now are, or who may hereafter be, associated with them, shall be, and are hereby constituted and declared to be, a body politic and corporate by the name and style of the Duncannon Mills Manufacturing Company, and by that name they, their successors and assigns, shall be capable in law of suing and being sued, answering and being answered unto, in all Courts, tribunals, and places whatsvever, and shall have power to adopt, make, use a common seal, and the same to change, alter, and amend at pleasure; and they and their successors and assigns shall, under their corporate name, be capable of pur- chasing, holding, and conveying any property whatsvever to carry out and fulfil the object of the said corporation. Src. 2. Be it further enacted, That the capital stock of said company shall be twenty thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing the same to one hundred thousand dollars, divided into shares of fifty dollars each, transferable in such manner, and under such restrictions, as the said corporation by their by-laws may require and direct. Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the above named persons, or a majority of them, as commissioners, nay open books to receive subscriptions to the capital stock of said corporation at such times and places as a majority of them may think proper, and as soon as ten thousand dollars upon the capital stock shall be subscribed, and twenty-five per centum paid in, to give notice for a meeting of stockholders to choose seven Directors at the time and place appointed by such stockholders, and such elec- tion shall be mado at the time and place appointed, by such stockholders as shall attend for the purpose either in person or by proxy, each share of the capital stock entitling the holder thereof to one vote; and the above named persons, or a majority of them, shall be inspectors of the first election of Directors of said corporation, and shall certify under their bands the names of those persons duly elected; and the commissioners shall deliver over the subscription books, with funds that may be on hand, to said Directors, who may keep the books open for further subscription, if they deem it expedient, until the entire amount of the capital stock be subscribed, and each stockholder so subscribing, after the organization of said incorporation as aforesaid, shall be bound. by said election and organization 

until the next annual election in course, as is hereafter.provided, when he shall be entitled to vote as are original stockholders. Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That there be an annual meeting of the stockholders of said corporation, at such time and place as the corporation may provide by its by-laws, for the purpose of electing seven Directors; and the Directors shall choose out of their number a President. And in case of the death, resigna- tion, or removal of the President or any Director, such vacancy or vacancies may be filled for the remainder of the year wherein they may happen by the said remaining Directors or a majority of them. In case of the absence of the President, the said Directors, or a majority of them, may appoint a President pro tem., who shall exercise such powers and functions as the by- laws of said corporation may provide. Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or a majority of them, shall elect annually a suitable person who shall discharge the duties of Secretary and Treasurer of said corporation, who shall be a stockholder in the same. Src. 6. Be it further enacted, That in case it should happen that an election of Directors should not be made when, pur- suant to this Act, it should be had, the said corporation shall not by reason thereof be dissolved, but such election shall be held at any other time, and the Directors previously elected shall continue as Directors until a new election is held and de- termined. A majority of said Directors of said corporation shall be a quorum to transact all business of said corporation, and they shall have power to call in the capital stock of said company by such instalments as they may deem advisable, giv- ing thirty days’ notice in some newspaper in Barnwell County. In case of the non-payment of said instalment, the stockholders so failing to pay their instalments within thirty days after the same becomes due shall forfeit their share or shares and the amount before paid to the corporation. Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the Directors of said com- pany, or a majority of them, shall settle and adjust the books and accounts of said corporation at least once every year, and submit a detailed statement of the affairs thereof to the stockholders at their annual meeting, and declare and pay such dividend as the condition of the said company may justify. Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the stockholders shall have power to adopt such by-laws for the government and safe and successful management of the property and business of said 

company as they may deem proper, not inconsistent with this charter or with the laws of this State Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That the Treasurer shall give a bond to the said corporation in such sum and with such sureties as the Directors, or a majority of them, may exact, for the faith- ful performance of the duties of his office Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That said corporation shall be entitled to all the benefits enumerated and contained in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures,” approved | December 20th, 1873, for a term of ten years from the date of its organization. Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person or persons for the sale of any intoxicating liquors within two miles of the main building of the Duncannon Mills Manufacturing Company Src. 12. The said manufacturing company shall be established on the Great Salkahatchie River, in Barnwell County, for the purpose of manufacturing cotton, wool, and other textile sub- stances whatsoever, for grinding grain, sawing lumber, with power to erect all such buildings as may be moquired to carry out such branches of business. Sec. 13. That the capital stock shall be personal property, and transferable on the books of the company, and that no, stockholder shall be liable for more than five per cent. over and above the stock held by him Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and continue in force for the term of twenty-one (21) years, and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meeting next thereafter. In the Sqnate House, the twentieth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved Deeember 20th, A. D. 1881 a’ Oo 

AN ACT To AMEND AND CHANGE THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN OF LEXINGTON Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- tled “An Act to incorporate the town of Lexington, approved February 8th, 187 and the Act amendatory thereto, approved December 24th, 1878,” be amended and changed, so that the Act of incorporation of said town of Lexington when amended and changed will read as follows: Sxcrion 1. That from and after the passage of this Act, all citizens of the United States and of this State, who have resided one year in this State and sixty days in the town of Lexington, shall be deemed and are hereby declared a body politic and cor- porate; and the said town shall be called and known by the name of Lexington; and its corporate limits shall extend one- half of one mile from Ehrhart’s corner, in said town (it being the corner of Main and Church streets, and opposite the store of Kyzer & Son), in a direction due north, south, east, and west, and shall include a eqake formed upon the extremities of lines so drawn. Src. 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be elected on the first Tuesday in n H March in each and every year; on which said days an election shall be held for an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States and of this State, and shall have been resident of said town twelve months immediately preceding such elections; and said elections shall be held in such place in said town as the Intendant and Wardens shall designate, ten days’ public notice thereof being given by advertisement; and that all the male inhabitants of said town of the age of twenty- one years, citizens of the United States and of this State, who shall have resided one year in this State and in the said town sixty days next preceding the election (paupers and persons under disabilities for crimes excepted), shall be entitled to vote for Intendant and Wardens: Provided, That no person shall be entitled to vote for Intendant and Wardens of said town unless he has duly registered as hereinafter provided Sec. 3. That for the purpose of registration as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Town Council shall, twenty days before said elec- tion, give public notice in writing that books for the purpose of registration will be opened at his office; and on a day thereafter 

to be fixed by Council, which shall be at least five days before said election, all persons who shall desire to vote, and who are entitled, shall have their names registered in a book to be kept by said Clerk for such purpose; and the said. Clerk upon such registry shall give the party intending to vote a certificate of registration; and no person shall be entitled to vote at said elections unless he produces such certificate of registration; for the purposes of said registration the Clerk shall attend at his office on the day so fixed from nine A. M. to three P. M Sec. 4. That the Intendant and Wardens elocted. under this Act, before entering upon the duties of their office, shall take the oath prescribed by the Constitution of this State, and the following oath, to wit “As Intendant or Warden of the town of Lexington, I will faithfully and impartially, and to the best of my ability, exercise the trust in me reposed; and will use my best endeavors to carry. into effect according to law the purposes of my appointment. So help me God!” Sec. 5. That for the purpose of holding the elections provided for in this Act, the Intendant and Wardens for the time being shall appoint three citizens as a Board of Managers to conduct said election, who before they open the polls shall take an oath fairly and impartially to conduct the same; said elec- tions shall be held and conducted in the same manner as the general elections, under the laws of this State, are conducted pulls to be opened at nine o’clock A. M. and closed at three o’clock P. M.; and when the polls shall be closed the managers shall forthwith publicly count the votes, proclaim the election and give notice, in writing, to the Intendant for the time being of the result, who shall, within two days thereafter, give notice, in writing, or cause the same to be given, to the persons duly elected. The said Intendant and Wardens so elected shall hold their offices from the time of their qualification until the first Tuesday in March of the ensuing year, and until their successors shall be elected and qualified. Sec. 6. That if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Intondant or any of the Wardens by death, resignation, remaval from the State, or from any other cause, an election shall be held by ap pointment of the Intendant and Wardens, or by the Wardens as the case may be, ten days’ public notice thereof being given; said. election to be held in the manner hereinbefore provided; and in case of sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant the Wardens forming a Council shall elect one of themselves to act as Intendant during such. sickness or. temporary absence. 

Sec. 7. That the Intendant and Wardens, or a majority of them, duly elected and qualified, shall, during their term of office, i be vested with all the powers of a Trial Justice or Justice of the Peace in this State, in all cases of violation of any ordinance or ordinances of the said town. That the Intendant, as often as the occasion may require, shall summon the Wardens to meet him in council, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum , for the transaction of business, and shall be known as the “Town ” Council of Lexington; and they and their successors in office shall have « common seal, may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in any court of law and equity in this State; and have power and authority from time to time to appoint so many persons to act as marshals and constables as they shall deem expedient and proper; which officers shall have all the powers, privileges, and emoluments, and be subject to all the duties, penalties, and regulations for the office of Constable; and the Intendant and Wardens in Council shall have power and author- ity under their corporate seal to ordain and establish all such s rules, by-laws, and ordinances respecting the streets, ways, public wells, springs of water, markets, and police of said town, and for preserving health, peace, order, and good government within the same, as they may deem expedient and proper, not in conflict with the laws of this State. And the said Council may fix and }- impose fines and penalties for the violations thereof, and appro- 

impose; and any ferson so summoned by the Marshal to aid in such arrest, and refusing to render any or proper assistance, shall be fined a sum not exceeding ten dollars, or be impris- oned for a period not exceeding five days. Sec. 9. That the said Council shall have power to abate or remove nuisances from within the limits of the town, and also to classify and arrange the inhabitants liable to public street duty, as occasion may require, and require them to perform such duty, and enforce the performance of the same, under the same penalties as are now or may hereafter be established by law: Provided always, nevertheless, That the said Town Council shall have power to compound with the persons liable to per- form such duty, under such terms as they shall by ordinance establish Src. 10. That it shall be the duty of the Intendant and War- dens to keep all streets and ways in the limits of said town open and in good order, and for that’ purpose they are hereby in- vested with all the power and privileges granted by law to the County Commissioners within the limits of said town, and for neglect of ‘such duty they shall be liable to the same pains and penalties imposed by law upon County Commissioners for like neglect, and they are hereby individually exempt from the per- formance of road and public duty; and the inhabitants of said town are hereby exempt from road duty without the limits of the corporation Sec. 11. That the said Intendant and Wardens shall have power to compound with persons liable to work on the said streets and ways, and to release such persons as may desire it upon the payment of such sum of money as they may deem a fair equivalent therefor, to be applied by them to the use of the corporation Sec. 12. That the said Town Council of Lexington shall have full power and authority to require all persons owning a lot or lots in town to make and keep in good repair sidewalks in front of said lot or lots, whenever the same shall front or adjoin any of the public streets of said town, if,in the judgment of the Counci), such sidewalks shall be necessary, the width thereof and the manner of construction to be designated and regulated by the Town Council; and for default or refusal to make and keep in repair such sidewalks, the Town Council may cause the same to be made or put in repair and require the owner to pay Provided, That such con- the price of making or repairing tracts for making or repairing be let to the lowest responsible bidder 

Sec. 13. That the said Town Council of Lexington shall also be empowered to retain, possess, and enjoy all such property as Hthey may be possessed of or entitled to, or which shall hereaf- ter be given, bequeathed to or in any manner acquired by them, and to sell, alien, or in anywise transfer the same or any part thereof: Provided, The amount of property so held or stock in- vested shall in no case exceed the sum of twenty thousand dol- lars. Src. 14. That the said Town Council shall have power to im- pose an annual tax upon all real and personal property within the limits of said town: Provided, Said tax does not exceed the sum of fifteen cents on the one hundred dollars. Sec. 15. That the Intendant and Wardens of the town of t Lexington shall have power to grant licenses to auctioneers, itinerant traders, the keepers of hotels, livery stables, restau- rants, ten pin alleys, and nine pin alleys; on all drays, carts, wagons, carriages, omnibuses, buggies, horses, mares, or mules kept for hire or used for public purposes in said town. And they shall have power to impose a tax on all shows or exhibi- tions for gain or reward within the corporate limits of said town: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to sales by or for Sheriffs, Clerks of Court, Judges of Probate, Coroners, executors, administrators, assignees, or by any other person under the order of the Circuit Court or the Court of any Trial Justice. Src. 16. That the authority to refuse or grant license to keep a tavern or retail intoxicating liquors be, and the same is hereby, vested in the Town Council of Lexington; and they be also in- vested with all the necessary power by ordinance or ordinances 

Act until repealed; and all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed In the Senate House, the twentieth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Bepresentatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor ‘ AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE APPOINTMENT OF A CONSTABLE FOR ANDERSON CounNTY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to appoint some fit and proper person as Constable, who shall reside at Pelzer, in the County of Anderson, and who shall, be- fore entering upon the duties of his office, take the oaths pre- scribed in Section 3, of Chapter XXVI., Title VI., Part I. of the General Statutes. Src. 2. That the Constable so appointed and sworn shall] have jurisdiction in the Counties of Anderson and Greenville, to the limit of three miles in each and every direction from the fac- tory building of the Pelzer Manufacturing Company, and shall have all the powers and duties prescribed in Section 10, of Chapter XXVI., Title VI., Part I. of the Gereral Statutes Sec. 3. In any arrest made by the said Constable, he shall carry the party or parties so arrested before the nearest Trial Justice in and for the County in which such arrest is made In the Senate House, the. twentieth day of Devember, one thousand eight hundred and cighty-one J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved December 20th, A. D. 1881 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT To ALTER THE TIMES FOR HOLDING THE COURTS OF THE SEconpD CircuIt. Section 1. Be it enucted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to amend an Act to establish uniformity in the sessions of the Circuit Courts, so far as the same relates to the Courts of the Second Circuit,” be, and the same is hereby, repealed. Sec. 2. That hereafter the Courts of the Second Circuit shall be held as follows: The Court of General Sessions at Aiken, for the County of Aiken, on the first Monday in February, the last Monday in May, and the second Monday in September; and the Courts of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednes- days following the first Monday in February and second Men- day in September. The Court of General Sessions at Hampton, for the County of Hampton, on the third Monday in February, the first Monday in June, and the fourth Monday in September; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the third Monday in February, the first Monday in June, and the fourth Monday in September. The Court of General Sessions at Walterboro, for the County of Colleton, on the first Monday in March, the second Monday in June, and the second Monday in October; and the Court of Com- mon Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the first Monday in March and the second Monday in October The Courts of General Sessions at Beaufort, for the County of Beau- fort, on the third Monday in March, the third Monday in June, and the fourth Monday in October; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the third Monday in March and the fourth Monday in October. The Court of General Sessions at Barnwell, for the County of Barnwell, on the first Monday in April, the fourth Monday in June, and the second Monday in November; and the Court of Common Pleas, at the same place, on the Wednesdays following the fourth Mon- day in April and the second Monday in November. Src. 3. That should the business of the Courts of Barnwell County at the April and November terms be not completed at the expiration of two weeks, the presiding Judge shall continue the same in session a sufficient length of time to dispose of said business, and the jurors then in attendance shall be retained as long as their services may be necessary: Provided, The contin- 

uance of said Courts shall not conflict with the duties of Judges in holding Courts in other Circuits. Sec. 4. This Act shall not repeal an Act entitled “An Act to amend Section 10 of an Act entitled “An Act to establish uni-f formity in the sessions of the Circuit Courts and to regulate the . business of the Court of Common Pleas in thie State during the summer terms of said Court,” approved December 20th, 1878. Sec. 5. This Act shall take effect on the first of May, 1882. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and cighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. e JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To REVIVE, RENEW, AND EXTEND THE CHARTER OF THE CHARLESTON Licut DRaAqgoons. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Act incor- porating the Charleston Light Dragoons, be, and the same is hereby renewed, revived, and extended from the day of the date of the expiration thereof. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ed AN ACT To rncorporaTE THE Howe SAvINus AND BUILDING ASSOCIATION OF CHARLESTON. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That 

Henry Schachte, Andrew A. Kroeg, J. K. Blackman, 8. W. For- sythe, W. G. DeSaussure, Jr., Jas. M. Thomas, J. H. E. Stelling, Simeon Hyde, Jr., together with such persons who are or here- after may be associated with them, be, and they are hereby, de- clared a body politic and corporate for the purposes of buying and selling real estate, bonds, stocks, and other securities, and of making loans of money, secured by mortgages of real estate ‘and pledges of personal security, by the name and style of the -Home Savings and Building Association. The capital stock of said association to consist of five hundred shares, but as soon as three hundred shares are subscribed, the association shall organize and commence operations; said shares to be paid by “successive monthly instalments of one dollar on each share, as long as the corporation shall continue; the shares to be held, transferred, assigned, and pledged, and the holders thereof to be subject to such fines and forfeiture for default in their pay- ments, according to such regulations as may be prescribed by the by-laws of said corporation. Sec. 2. That the said corporation shall have power and au- thority to make any such rules and by-laws for its government 

otherwise dispose of the same, as from time to time it may deem expedient: Provided, That no interest shall be charged upon loans by the said corporation to its members, or others, in excess of the rate of interest fixed by the laws of this State. Sec. 5. That the corporation shall continue for the space of five years from its organization, at the end of which time its entire property shall be sold and the proceeds divided pro rata among its then stockholders. Sec. 6. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount, besides the value of his or her share or shares therein, not ex- ceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That the proceedings to hold such stock- holder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stock- holder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable therefor beyond | the value of the estate held by him as such executor, adminis-! trator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 7. That any fraudulent misrepresentation of the capital, resources, or property of said corporation by any officer or member thereof, shall be deemed a misdemeanor, punishable by fine and imprisonment, or either, at the discretion of the Court. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of’ Representatives. . Approved January 31st, A. D. 18 al 82 OOD Prng 

AN ACT TO REQUIRE TWO OF THE TRIAL JUSTICES OF Horry CouNTY TO BE RESIDENTS OF CONWAYBORO TOWNSHIP, AND ONE OF THE TWO TO BE A RESIDENT OF THE TOWN OF CoNWAY- BORO. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, two of the Trial Justices of the County of Horry shall be required to be residents of the township of Conwayboro, and one of the two shall reside in the town of Conwayboro. Sec. 2. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed. In the Senate: House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_— AN ACT T0 CHANGE THE NAME OF THE BODY CORPORATE KNOWN as “THe OrpHan Home AND ScHoot ASSOCIATION OF THE CuurcH oF THE HoLy Communion” To “THE Hoty Commvu- NION CuurcH INsTITUTE OF CHARLESTON.” Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the body politic and corporate, organized by Articles of Association, filed in the office of the Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas of Charleston County, under the name and style of “The Orphan Home and School Association of the Church of the Holy Com- munion,” shall, from and after the passage of this Act, be known under the name and style of “The Holy Communion Church In. stitute of Charleston,” and shall be invested with all the rights and privileges of bodies politic and corporate, under the laws of this State, with power to hold real and personal estate to any amount not exceeding one hundred thousand dollars, and suc- ceed to all the rights of property heretofore belonging to the 

said “The Orphan Home and School Association of the Church of the Holy Communion.” In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. an’ AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE APPOINTMENT OF TWO ADDITIONAL TRIAL JUSTICES FOR Bravurort County” BY STRIKING OUT THE WORD “TWO” AND INSERTING IN LIEU THEREOF THE WORD “THREE,” AND INSERTING AFTER THE WORD “CHISOLM’S ISLAND,” THE WORDS “ont on Hitton Heap.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and-by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to authorize the appointment of two additional Trial Justices for Beaufort County,” be amended by striking out the word “two,” in the fourth line from the top, and. inserting instead and in lieu thereof, the word “three ;” and also, by inserting after the words “Chisolm’s Island,” in said Act, the words “one on Hilton Head,” so that said Act shall hereafter read as follows: “That on and after the passage of this Act three additional Trial Justices for the County of Beau- fort shall be appointed and commissioned by the Governor in the manner required by law, one of whom shall reside on Chis- olm’s Island, one at Hilton Head, and the other at Port Royal in said County, and who shall receive the same compensation as is now, or may be hereafter, provided by law for Trial Justices of the said County.” In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January, 31st, A. D.1 OTT N C eee. 10) T) ene wee 

AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE CONSOLIDATION OF THE ATLANTIC AND Frencuo Broap VALLEY RAILRoAD CoMPANY AND THE EpDGE- FIELD, TRENTON AND AIKEN RAILROAD COMPANY, AND OTHER RAILROAD COMPANIES HEREIN NAMED, UNDER THE NAME OF THE FrENcH BroaD AND ATLANTIC RatLway CoMPANY, AND TO ALLOW COUNTIES, CITIES, TOWNS, AND TOWNSHIPS INTER- ESTED TO SUBSCRIBE TO THE CAPITAL STOCK THEREOF. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That -the Atlantic and French Broad Valley Railroad Company and “the Edgefield, Trenton and Aiken Railroad Company be, and they are hereby, authorized to merge and consolidate their capital, stocks, franchises, and properties, with those of each . other, under the general corporate name of “The French Broad and Atlantic Railway Company.” Src. 2. That for the purpose of effecting said consolidation, all persons, corporations, townships, and municipalities holding ‘shares of the capital stock of either of said companies shall mect either in person or by duly authorized representatives at such time and place as shall be appointed by the Presidents of the said two companies, due notice of which meeting shall be published in one or more newspapers published in each of the Counties of Pickens, Anderson, Abbeville, Edgefield, Aiken, and Charleston, for at.least thirty days previous to the time ap- pointed for said meeting. And it shall be the duty of the Presi- dents of said two companies to appoint said meeting and adver- tise the time and place of the same, as hereinbefore provided for, immediately after the approval of this Act; and in case of the death, inability, or neglect of either or both of said Presi- dents, then said meeting shall be appointed by a majority of the Directors of either of said companies or both of them, in the place of their Presidents, as the case may require. Src. 3. That at said meeting any number of the stockholders or their representatives representing a majority of the capital stock now owned in each of said companies shall be sufficient to bind each of said companies to authorize, effect, and consum- mate their consolidation into one company as provided for by this Act. Src. 4. That in said meeting, any city, town, township, or County holding shares of the capital stock of either of said companies may be represented by not less than three nor more 

than five delegates, who shall be chosen and appointed by the Town Council of any city or town holding shares of the capital stock of either of said companies; and by the County Commis- sioners of any County holding shares of said capital stock ; and by the majority of the tax-payers of any. township holdiag shares of said capital stock present at a meeting called for said purpose by any ten tax-payers residing in such township by a public notice, in writing, posted, at least fifteen days before said meeting, in three public places in such township, specifying the time, place, and object of said meeting.. Sec. 5. That upon the consummation or completion of said consolidation in said meeting as is provided for by this Aet, the 4 said meeting shall proceed to effect a complete organization of the said consolidated Company by the election of a Board of Directors from among the stockholders in said consolidated Company, consisting of a number not exceeding twenty, to be determined by said meeting And said Board of Directors shall forthwith proceed to select from their number a President of said consolidated Company And said Board of Directors shall also, as soon as they elect a President of said consolidated Company, provide for the election or appointment of all other necessary and proper officers of said Company; and make all such rules, regulations, and by-laws as may be necessary to transact the business of said consolidated Company, which said rules, regulations, and by-laws may be changed, from time to time, by said Board of Directors as circumstances may require and they may deem proper: Provided, That said rules, regula- tions, and by-laws, shall not be repugnant to the Constitution and laws of this State or of the United States Src. 6.. That the President and Directors of said consolidated Company shall hold their office for one year and until their suc- cessors shall be elected and qualified; and the first Board of Directors may in their by-laws prescribe the time and manner of holding their subsequent annual elections for President and Directors of said Company, subject to the approval of the stock- holders, at their next annual meeting. Sec. 7. That the said consolidated Company be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to construct, maintain, , and operate a railroad extending from a point at or near the! place where the present line of survey of the Atlantic and French Broad Valley Railroad crosses the boundary line between the States of South Carolina and North Carolina, via Pickens Court House, Easley Station, Williamston, Belton, Due West, 

Abbeville Court House, Troy, Edgefield Court House, and Trenton, to Aiken, or some other convenient point on the South ‘arolina Railroad, and thence to Charleston, Port Royal, or some other convenient point on the Atlantic coast in the State of South Carolina: Provided, That said consolidated Company are hereby authorized and empowered to change, modify, or vary said route above provided for herein, as the exigencies ot future surveys and the economy of construction may require Provided, That same general direction be observed Sec. 8. Said consolidated Company is hereby authorized and empowered to accept, purchase, hold, and convey, any property, either real or personal, necessary for the purposes of said rail- road ; and they are also authorized to make contracts, sue and be sued, have and use a common seal, and do all other lawful acts properly incident to and connected with said corporation and necessary for the control and transaction of its business Sec. 9. That in all conventions of the stockholders of said consolidated Company, after the same has been consolidated as ris provided for in this Act, such city, town, township, or county, s may subscribe to the capital stock thereof, may be repre- sented by not less than three nor more than five delegates, who shall be chosen by a majority of the taxpayers of such city, town, township, or county, who may be present at a meeting called for that purpose by any ten taxpayers residing in such city, town, township, or county, by a public notice, in writing, posted at least fifteen days before the time of said meeting, in three public places in such city, town, township, or county, and published in a newspaper published in such city, town, or county, if any there be, for the same length of time, specifying the time, place, and object of said meeting. Src. 10. That the capital stock of said consolidated Company may be one million of dollars, in shares of one hundred dollars each, with the privilege of increasing the capital stock to such an amount as may be found necessary to carry out the intention and purposes of this Act, said amount not to exceed five (5) millions of dollars, and the shares shall be transterabled in such manner as the by-laws may direct. Sec. 11. That for the purpose of raising the capital stock of said company, it shall be lawful to open books for private sub- scriptions at such times and places and under the direction of such persons as the Board of Directors of said company may appoint, and that said subscriptions to the capital stock of said company may be made in money, bonds, material, provisions, and 

work, at such rates as may be agreed upon with said company; and the said company shall have power to issue bonds on such terms and conditions and for such purposes and uses of said cor- poration as the said company may deem necessary, and to mort- gage its property and franchises to secure the payment of said bonds. Sec. 12. That in addition to the provisions contained in the preceding Section for private subscription, it shall and may be lawful for any city, town, or County interested in the construc- tion of said road to subscribe to its capital stock such a sum as a majority of their voters voting at such election may authorize the County Commissioners or proper authorities of such city, town, or County to subscribe, which subscription shall be made in seven or six per cent. coupon bonds, payable in such instal- ments asthe County Commissioners or proper authorities of such city, town, township, or County shall determine, and to be received by said company at par; said bonds to be made paya- ble twenty years after the date thereof, and to be of the denom- ination of one hundred dollars, five hundred dollars, and one thousand dollars: Provided, That the funds realized on any such bonds shall be expended exclusively in the construction and com- pletion of said railroad in the County in which the same is sub- scribed: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall apply to Anderson County. Sec. 13. That for the purpose of determining the amount of said subscriptions, it shall be the duty of the County Commis- sioners for each of the Counties through which said railroad will pass, as is hereinabove provided for, upon the written ap- plication of one hundred qualiticd voters in any of said Counties specifying the amount to be subscribed by the Counties, re- spectively, where such written applications are made, to submit to the qualified electors of each County, in their respective Counties where such written application is made, the question of “ Subscription” or “No Subscription ” to the capital stock of said company, and they shall have power to order an election, specifying the time and place and purpose of the election, and to appoint three managers at each election precinct who shall without compensation hold and conduct said election, at which election the ballots shall have written or printed thereon either he words “Subscription” or “No Subscription,” the said County ommissioners having first, by a resolution of their Board, fixed the amount proposed to be subscribed, according to the request of the petition submitted to them, notice of which reso- 9 A&IR 

lution shall -be given by the Chairman of the Board in one or more of the newspapers published in the County for forty days ,;next previous to the election; and the proper corporate author- ities of any city, town, or township in any County along the w line of said railroad, as is herein provided for, upon the written petition of fifty voters in any such city, town, or township, shall, in like manner and after like notice, submit the question to the qualified electors in said city, town, or township, and de- clare the result as is hercin directed in cases of County elections Provided, That so much of the provisions of Sections 12 and 13 .as authorizes cities, towns, or Counties to subscribe to the capi- j tal stock of said railroad shall not apply to Abbeville, Pickens, n= and Edgefield Counties; but this provision shall not prevent any township in said Counties from subscribing to the capital stock of said company according to the provisions of Section 16 Sec. 14. It shall be the duty of the managers to make returns and meet at their respective court houses or council chambers. f as the case may be, and count the votes and declare the result. as in other elections, which result may be certified in writing by the Chairman of each Board of Managers to the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, or to the City or Town Council, as the case may be Sec. 15. In case the majority of the ballots cast shall have l- - written or printed thereon “Subscription,” then the County Commissioners in all cases of County elections shall be author- ized and required to subscribe to the capital stock of said Com- pany in behalf of said County the sum which may have been fixed and named in the resolution of said Board, published as aforesaid, which subscription shall be made in seven or six per cent. bonds as aforesaid with interest payable annually; but in all subscriptions made under the direction of a County election as authorized by this Act, it shall be so expressed in the bonds and coupons issued in payment of such subscription, under Section of this Act; and all tax levies for the purpose of raising funds to pay said bonds or coupons shall be made only upon the taxable property in such County; and if a majority of the ballots cast in any city or town election shall be for subscription, the proper corporate authorities of such city or town are author- ized and required to subscribe in behalf of such city or town in like manner, and to like extent, as the County Commissioners are herein required in all cases of County subscriptions Sec. 16. Any township through which the said Railroad runs in any County along the line of said railroad, except Anderson 

County, as is herein provided for, may subscribe to the capital stock of said Company such sum or sums in money as it may determine. Upon the written application of fifty qualified voters in any of said townships to the County Commissioners of the County in which said township is situate, in the same man- ner as is provided for Counties in this Act, said County Com- missioners shall have power to order an election in such town- ship, and to appoint managers at each precinct therein for that purpose, and said election shall be held and conducted and the result ascertained and declared in the same manner as is herein provided for a County election. And if a majority of the bal- lots cast at said election in any township shall have written or printed thereon “Subscription,” then the Board of County Com- missioners shall be authorized and required to subscribe to the capital stock of said Company in behalf of such township the sum or sums voted upon, and to assess and collect upon the real and personal property of any township so subscribing such sum or sums of money as it may have determined upon in such man- ner as is now provided by law for the collection of taxes in the same manner and subject to the same provisions and restrictions as are herein provided for County subscriptions: Provided, That the tax-payers in those townships in Anderson ‘County, which have already voted subscriptions by taxation, and in those town- ships in Abbeville County, who have subscribed to the stock of said road, on condition that they be allowed credit on any taxa- tion voted thereafter, shall have credit on any subscription or as- sessment voted under this Act tothe extent of any taxes levicd, as herein provided, or for stock in said consolidated company. ‘Sec. 17. That for the payment of the interest on said bonds the County Auditor or other officer discharging such duties, or the city or town Treasurer, as the case may be, shall be author- ized and required to assess annually upon the property of such city, town, or county, such percentum as may be necessary to pay said interest, which shall be known and styled in the tax books as said Railroad tax, which shall be collected by the Trea- surer under the game regulations as are provided by law for the collection of taxes in any of the Counties, cities, or towns so subscribing, and which shall be paid over by the said Treasurer to the holders of said bonds as the said interest shall become due, on presentation of the coupons, which said coupons shall be reported to the County Commissioners by the said Treasurer or to the town council of any city or town, where they are cou- pons from bonds of such city or town; and all said coupons shall 

be cancelled by the County Treasurers as soon as they are paid by them. Src. 18. -That the said Railroad Company shall have every right, privilege, and power necessary for the purpose of acquir- ing such lands or rights of way as they may require for the lo- cation or construction of the said railroad, or for the erection or location of depots. warehouses, stations, and other necessary es- tablishments, or for extending or altering the same; and the said , company shall have the benefit of every process or proceeding, ‘and be subject to all the restrictions provided or imposed in Sec- tions 75 to 86, both inclugive, of Chapter LXIIT. of the General Statutes of this State. Sec. 19. That said company is authorized to purchase, lease, or consolidate with any railroad company now existing, or which may hereafter exist, under the laws of this State or any other State, with which its line may connect. Sec. 20. That the consolidated company be, and it is hereby, empowered and authorized to fix the amount of its capital stock, .and to divide the same into shares of one hundred dollars each, and make rules regulating the issuance and transfer of the cer- tificates of stock. Sec. 21. That ‘the Savannah Valley Railroad Company be, and the same is hereby, authorized and empowered to consoli- . date and unite with the Edgefield, Aiken and Trenton Railroad P Company, or with the Atlantic and French Broad Valley Rail- road Company, or both of them, upon the terms which may be agreed upon between the companies consolidating, and under the same conditions as hereinbefore prescribed for the consoli- dation of the Atlantic and French Broad Valley Railroad and the Edgefield, Aiken, and Trenton Railroad Companies. Sec. 22. That the Anderson and Easley Railroad Company be, and the same is hereby, authorized to consolidate and unite with athe Atlantic and French Broad Valley Railroad Company upon the same terms and conditions as are hereinbefore prescribed for the consolidation ot the said Atlantic and French Broad Valley Railroad Company and the said Edgefield, Aiken, and Trenton Railroad Company; and if such consolidation is effected, the consolidated company shall have the right to construct, maintain, and operate, as a part of their line, a railroad from the town of Anderson to the town of Abbeville, such consolidation with the said Anderson and Easley Railroad Company shall embrace all of the chartered privileges of the said Company to Easley and shall forfeit such privileges above that point. 

Sec. 23. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt the property of said railroad company from taxation for State and County purposes Src. 24. ‘That for the purposes of this Act all the townships in the Counties along the line of said railroad, as herein provided for, shall be, and they are hereby, declared to be bodies corpo- rate and politic. Sec. 25. That so much of all Acts and parts of Acts hereto- fore enacted for the purpose of. chartering either of the com- panies hereby authorized to be consolidated, or incorporating the same, so far as they are in conflict with this Act, or incon- sistent witb it, be, and the same are hereby, repealed Sec. 26. That the Counties of Aiken and Anderson, and In- dian Hill Township in Abbeville County, are excepted from the provisions of this Act, so far as it permits the submission to the voters of the County, or any Township, or town thereof, the question of subscription to the capital stock of the road. Sec. 27. That this Act shall -be a public, -Act, and Shalt take effect on and after its passage. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD. Governor AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE MontTGoMERY GUARDS OF CHARLESTON Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That James F. Redding, M. D. Maguire, J. B. Comar, J. J. Carey, J Dixon, and J. J. Delaney, and the several persons who now are, or hereafter may be, officers and members of the aforesaid Com- pany, and their associates and successors, are hereby made and created a body politic and corporate, under the name and style of the “Montgomery Guards” of Charleston Sec. 2. That the said corporation shall have succession of officers and members, according to its elections and its by-laws, 

and shall have power to make all by-laws, not repugnant to the laws of the land, and to have, use, and keep a common seal, and the same to alter at will; to sue and be sued in any Court in this State, and to have and enjoy every right, power, and privi- lege incident to such corporation; and it is hereby empowered to take, hold, retain, possess,‘and enjoy, all such property, real and personal, as it may acquire by purchase, right, devise. be- quest, or in any other manner whatsoever, and the same, or any part thereof, to sell, alien, encumber, mortgage, or convey, at the willand pleasure of such corporation: Provided, That the amount of property, real and personal, so held, shall not, at any time, ex- ceed the sum of twenty thousand dollars. Sec. 3. That the members of the said Company hereby incor. porated shall be individually liable for the debts of said corpora. tion, each member to the extent of one year’s annual arrears which the said member may owe to the corporation, according to its by-laws, in the year in which he may be sued for said cor. poration debt ; but such liability shall not attach until the cor- poration shall have been sued, and nulla bona returned on exect- tion in such suit. Szc. +. That this Act be deemed a public Act, and shall con- tinue in force for the term of twenty-one years, and until the adjournment of the session of the General Assembly of this State next after the expiration of sgid term. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thov- sand eight hundred and cighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. . Approved January 3l1st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT 10 CEDE AND VEST IN Mrs. Susan A. Boyuston ALL oF THE RIGHT, TITLE, AND INTEREST OF THE STATE IN THAT Pos- TION OF THE CANAL ON CaTAWBA RIVER WHICH LIES WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES OF THE LAND OF THE SAID Susan A. Bort: STON, IN CHESTER CouNTY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all the right. 

title, and interest of the State of South Carolina in that portion of the canal on or near the Catawba River, which lies within the boundaries of the land of Mrs. Susan A. Boylston, in the County of Chester, with all of the appurtenances thereto, be, and the! same is hereby, granted and ceded to and vested in the said Susan A. Boylston, her heirs and assigns forever: Provided, Operations are commenced and the sum of ten thousand dollars expended towards utilizing the water power on theriver portion of said canal for manufacturing purposes within three years from the approval of this Act. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and cighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Reprcsentatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a AN ACT TO CONFER UPON THE CourRT OF ComMON PLEAS AUTHOR- ITY TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY ISSUE AFFECTING THE VALIDITY OF THE ORIGINAL CONTRACT OF MARRIAGE. Be it enacted by the Senaté and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act the Court of Common Pleas shall have authority to hear and determine any issue affecting the validity of contracts of marriage, and to declare said contracts void for want of consent of either of the contracting parties, or for any other cause going to show that at the time the said supposed contract was made it was not a contract: Provided, That such contract has not been consummated by the co-habita- tion of the parties thereto. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 3lst, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To EstABLisH A NEW JUDICIAL AND ELEcTION CouNTY FROM A PORTION OF CHARLESTON COUNTY, TO BE KNOWN AS THE CouNTY oF BERKELEY, TO ASCERTAIN AND DEFINE THE BOUNDARIES OF 8AID COUNTIES, AND TO PROVIDE FOR AND FIX THE SALARIES Of THE COUNTY OFFICERS THEREOF. Scion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a new Judicial and Election County be, and the same is hereby, formed from a portion of the County of Charleston, to be known and designated the County of Berkeley. Sec. 2. That the boundaries of the said County shall be as follows: Eastwardly, northeastwardly, and north by the San- tee River, separating it from the Counties of Georgetown, Wil- liamsburg, and Clarendon; north also by Orangeburg; west, northwestwardly, and west by Colleton County; south and southwestwardly by the County of Charleston; and that it shall include within its limits all of the subdivisions formerly known as the Parishes of St. John’s Berkeley, St. John’s Colle- ton, St. Stephen’s, St. Thomas’, and St. Dennis’, St. James’ Goose Creek, and, saving as is hereinafter excepted, the Parishes of St. James’ Santee, Christ Church, and St. Andrew’s. Sec. 3. That the boundaries of the County of Charleston shall be within the lines following, that is to say: Beginning at the mouth of Stono River, up the said river to, along, and through Wappoo Cut to Ashley River; thence along the west bank of Ashley River to a point opposite the old line of the Parish of St. Philip on the north; thence across Ashley River and Charleston Neck, on the said Parish line, to Cooper River; thence down Cooper River, through Hog Island Chan- nel, to the point of land at the extremity of Haddrell’s Point seaward ; thence along and skirting the marsh at high-water mark on the main land, following the line of the shore until it reaches the mouth of, Owendaw Creek, and thence by the shortest line northeastwardly to the South Santee River, so as to include the village of McClellansville, then down the South Santee River to the Ocean, to the limit of the jurisdiction of the State; and thence southwardly along the line of the juris- diction of the State to a point opposite the mouth of the Stono River, thence to the first point of departure. Src. 4. That immediately upon the approval of this Act, the Governor shall appoint a Board, consisting of nine persons, one 

from each of the subdivisions known as Parishes, out of which the said County of Berkeley is hereby formed, and one a citizen of some other County than either of the Counties of Charles- ton or Berkeley, which said Board shall select, by a vote of the majority of them, a suitable place as the site of the County seat of the County of Berkeley The said Board ‘shall report their selection to the Governor, who thereupon shall, by procla- mation, announce the result thereof, and the place so selected shall be the County seat of the County of Berkeley The said Board shall hold their meetings at such times and place as shall be designated by the Governoy Sec. 5. That until the next apportionment of Representatives the County of Berkeley shall be entitled to five Representatives and the County of Charleston to twelve Representatives Sec. 6. That at the next general election, an election shall be had in the said County of Berkeley for members of the General Assembly, and for the regular County officers provided by the Constitution, and that the voting precincts established by law for that portion of the County of Charleston herein made the County of Berkeley, shall be the voting precincts of the County of Berkeley Src. 7. That the bonds of the County officers of Berkeley County shall be in the penal sums following, that is to say: The Sheriff in the sum of fifteen thousand dollars; the Clerk of the Court in the sum of ten thousand dollars; the Judge of Probate in the sum of five thousand dollars; the County Commissioners each in the sum of five thousand dollars Src. 8. The Register of Mesne Conveyance for Charleston County shall also be the Register of Mesne Conveyance for Berkeley County, and all deeds and other instruments of writing provided by law to be recorded, as far as the said County of Berkeley is concerned, shall be recorded in the office of the said Register Src. 9. All Acts and parts of Acts providing exceptional com- pensation by way of salary. for the County Commissioners of 4 Charleston County and of their Clerk, are hereby repealed Sec. 10. The Auditor of Berkeley County shall receive the samé compensation as is provided for the County Auditor of the Counties of Abbeville, Marion, and Richland; and the Treasurer 1 of said County the same compensation as is provided for the County Treasurer of all other Counties in this State except Charléston County. Sec. 11. That the County of Berkeley be ‘and the same is 

hereby attached to the second Congressional District, and shall And that the Court of form a part of the first Judicial Circuit. General Sessions for the said County shall be held on the first Monday in February, June, and November, and the Court of Common Pleas on the, Wednesday succeeding the first Mondays in February and November The Court of General Sessions for the County of Charleston shall be held on the third Mondays in February, June, and November, and the Courts of Common Pleas on the fourth Mondaysin February, June, and November Src. 12. From and after the thirty-first day of October, 1882 all suits pending in the County of Charleston in which all the defendants reside in that portion of the said County now estab- lished as the County of Berkeley, and all indictments pending in the County of Charleston, charging an offence committed in that portion of said County, shall be transferred to the Calendars of the Court of the County of Berkeley; and all records, com- missions, and other papers belonging to any of the said suits or indictments, together with all the legal incidents thereto apper- taining, shall be transferred to the Clerk of the Court of the said County of Berkeley. Src. 13. The Governor is hereby authorized to appoint a com- mission of four persons, two of whom shall be resident in the city of Charleston, and two resident of that portion of the County of Charleston now established as the County of Berke- ley; such said Commission shall divide and apportion between the two Counties the present bona fide debt of Charleston County, regard being had to the public property of the said County, and the proper interests of the two Counties therein; and in case the said Commission should be equally divided upon any question or questions arising in their deliberations, the same shall be sub- mitted to and decided by any umpire to be selected by them, or a majority of them, for that purpose Src. 14. That this Act shall take effect from the first day of No- vember, A. D. 1882, except as to the provisions of Section four of this Act. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE GOVERNMENT, DISCIPLINE, AND ORGANIZATION oF THE MILITIA OF THIS STATE, AND TO RE- DUCE ALL ACTS IN REGARD TO THE SAME TO ONE ACT. Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same General Organization That all able-bodied male citizens between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, residing in this State, and not exempted by the laws of the United States, shall be subject to military duty, and shall constitute the militia of this State, excepting: 1st. All persons in the army or navy or volunteer forces of the United States 2d. Regularly ordained or licensed ministers of the gospel 3d. The Lieutenant Governor, members and officers of the General Assembly, the Secretary of State, Attorney General Comptroller General, Commissioner of Agriculture, Superinten- dent of Education, State Treasurer, and clerks and employees in their offices, Judicial officers of the State, including Justices of the Peace, Trial Justices, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Sheriffs, Coroners, Constables, civil officers of the United States, ferrymen employed at any ferry on a post road, and millers 4th. All persons entertaining conscientious scruples against bearing arms, practising physicians, professors, teachers, and students in colleges, academies, and common schools 5th. Commissioned officers who shall have served as such in the militia of this State, or in any one of the United States, for the space of seven years; but no such officer shall be exempt. unless, by his resignation after such term of service, duly ac- cepted, or in some other lawful manner, he shall have been honorably discharged. 6th, Idiots, lunatics, paupers, and persons convicted of infa- mous crimes, shall not be subject to military duty. Sec. 2. That the organized militia of this State shall consist of the Volunteer Troops composed of companies of white persons, and the National Guard composed of companies of colored per- sons, the service in each being voluntary, which shall be organ- ized, respectively, into such divisions, brigades, regiments, and battalions, and in addition thereto, such batteries of light artil- lery, and troops and squadrons of cavalry, as the Commander- in-Chief may deem expedient; and nothing herein contained 

shall be so construed as to interfere with the power of the Commander-in-Chief, in case of war or insurrection, or of im- minent danger thereof, to order drafts of the militia, and to form new battalions, regiments, brigades, or divisions, as he may deem just and proper. Sxc. 3. That the organized militia known as Volunteer Troops and National Guard shall be kept separate, and for all purposes , of parade, drills, musters, and encampments, they shall not be paraded together. In the event, however, of war, riot, or insur- rection, or imminent danger thereof, where it may be necessary to call into active service both the Volunteer Troops and the National Guard, the companies, regiments, and brigades there- of, shall be under the command of the senior officer of the Vol- unteer Troops then present. Sec. 4. That the number of companies now existing of the Volunteer Troops and .of the National Guard shall not be in- 

of the Adjutant and Inspector General, whether from. death resignation, disqualification, or other cause, the Governor shall have full power to appoint some suitable person, who, on being duly qualified according to law, shall be entitled to enter upon and hold the office for the unexpired term of the former incum- bent, and shall be subject to all the duties and liabilities incident to his office, and receive the same compensation as provided by law for the Adjutant and Inspector General during his term of service. Src. 9. The Adjutant and Inspector General shall report annually to the Commander-in-Chief 1. A statement of all moneys received or disbursed by him since his last annual report 2. An account of all arms, ammunition, and other military property belonging to the State, from what source received, to whom issued, and its present condition, so far as he may be in- formed 3. The number, condition, and organization of the militia of the State 4. Any suggestions which he may deem of importance to the military interests and condition of the State, and the perfection of its military organization 5. The annual report provided for in the preceding Article shall be printed and laid before the Legislature for its informa- tion 6. The Commandcr-ir-Chief may require special reports from the Adjutant General at any time, upon any matter connected with the duties of his office or with the military service of the State Sec. 10. It shall be the duty of the Adjutant and Inspector General 1. To keep and preserve the arms, accoutrements, ammuni- tion, and other military property of the State 2. To keep on file in his office all rolls, returns, and reports made to him 3. To authenticate with his official seal all papers issued from his office which by law may require authentication under such seal 4. To keep an account of all moneys received or disbursed by him. 5. To issue all orders of the Commander-in-Chief relating to the militia, and to keep a record thereof. Sec. 11. The Adjutant and Inspector General shall appoint a clerk, whose salary shall be $1,200 per annum 

Sec. 12. The Adjutant and Inspector General shall appoint an Armorer, who shall take charge of the State Armory, and keep in order all the arms and ammunition therein, whose salary shall be five hundred dollars per annum. He shall be required to work daily upon the public property of the State in the Staté Arsenal, or elsewhere, and shall be authorized to call for and obtain convict labor from the State Penitentiary to work at the said Arsenal whenever necessary, or to employ such labor at the Penitentiary in doing work on the State arms and equip- ments. It shall also be lawful for the Adjutant. and Inspector General to order the State Armorer to any part of the State where his service may be needed. Src. 12. The Adjutant and Inspector General shall also ap- point an Ordnance Sergeant who shall assist the Armorer during the work hours of the day; be responsible for the State property in the Arsenal, and shall keep an account of the same, and of all receipts and issues; he shall be paid an annual salary of three hundred dollars, and shall be allowed to employ a night watch- man to assist him, at a salary ofone hundred dollars per annum to be paid by the State. Src. 13. That the Adjutant and Inspector General, with the consent of the Governor, shall have authority to purchase any material or parts of guns or equipments which may be necessary to repair any of the State arms or equipments which may be now, or hereafter become, unserviceable by breakage or wear; and all bills for such shall be paid by the State Treasurer on the warrant of the Comptroller General out of any funds applicable thereto; and he shall also be authorized to sell or exchange any military property of the State for the purpose of obtaining other arms, equipments, or munitions more suitable to the wants of the militia. Sec. 14. It shall be the duty of the Adjutant and Inspector General to have the necessary forms prepared, printed, and dis- tributed to the commissioned officers of the organized militia. He shall also have the militia laws and such forms and so much of the rules and articles of war for the Government of the United States Army, as he may decide are applicable, published, and a copy thereof sent to each commissioned officer, which books shall be held by them as property of the State, and delivered to their successors in office. Sec. 15. That on the 15th day of September in each year, all commanders of companies shall make a return to the commandant of his regiment, with a muster roll of his command, and the num- 

ber of men enrolled thereon, and ofall their arms, uniforms equip- ments, and ammunition, and zondition of same. The commandant of each regiment shall make like return thereof, with a roster of its commissioned officers, to the brigade commander within fif- teen days thereafter, who shall make like return for his brigade, with a roster of its commissioned officers, to the division com- mander, who shall make like return, with a roster of its com- missioned officers, to the Adjutant and Inspector General, at Columbia, on or before the 15th day of October annually. In the event of there being no division commander, then the brigade commander will transmit his return directly to the Adjutant and Inspector General. The Adjutant and Inspector General may order from each company additional returns at any period he may deem expedient. Unattached companies, regiments, or battalions will report directly to the Adjutant and Inspector General's office on or before the 15th day of October annually. Governor's Staff. Sec. 16. That in addition to the Adjutant and Inspector Gen- eral, the Staff of the Governor shall consist of one Chief of Ordnance, one Chief Engineer, one Judge Advocate General, one Quartermaster General, one Commissary General, one Sur- geon General, one Paymaster General ; all of whom shall rank as Colofel; and as many Aides-de-Camps, with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, as the Governor may deem necessary : Pro- vided, That in time of peace, the duties of Chief of Ordnance and Quartermaster General shall devolve upon the Adjutant and Inspector General ; and that nothing herein contained shall be held to revoke the commissions of any officers of the Governor's Staff now in existence. Term of Service. Sec. 17. All officers and privates of the organized militia shall be held to service in their several companies, battalions, regi- ments, brigades, and divisions, until their resignations shall have been accepted, or they shall have been regularly discharged: Provided, That no discharge shall be granted until after one lyear’s service, unless for good cause, approved by his battalion commander, or. in caso of unattached companies, by his brigade ieommander : Provided, further, That no member of any company shall be discharged from service until he has obtained the cer- tificate of the commanding officer of his company, that he has turned over, or satisfactorily accounted for, all property issued 

and charged to him. Discharges shall be signed by company commanders and approved by battalion and brigade com- manders. Src..18. Muster-in rolls shall be made in triplicate, one of which shall be retained at headquarters of the regiment. The original shall be forwarded to the office of the Adjutant and In- spector General within ten days from any muster of men, and one roll shall be retained by the company commander. Sec. 19. Any officer desiring to resign his commission and be discharged from the service, shall express his desire in writing, and transmit the same to the Commandcr-in-Chief immediately, through and by all intermediate commanders, who will endorse thereon their recommendation in the case, and the resignation shall go into effect when accepted by the Commander-in-Chief, and not before ; but no officer shall be permitted to resign his commission while under arrest or under charges, nor until he has accounted for and delivered to the proper officer all money, records, arms, accoutrements, and other military property be- longing to the State in his possession. Organization. Sec. 20. There shall be to each division one Major General, with the following Staff: one Adjutant General, one Inspector General, one Ordnance Officer, one Judge Advocate, one Quar- termaster, one Commissary, one Surgeon—all with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel; and two Aides-de-Camp, with the rank of Major. Src. 21. There shall be to each brigade one Brigadier General, ;and the following Staff: one Adjutant General, one Inspector General; one Ordnance Officer, one Judge Advocate, one Quar- termaster, one Commissary, one Surgeon, one Paymaster—all with the rank of Major—and one Chaplain, who shall be borne upon the rolls next the Surgeon, and two Aides-de-Camp, with the rank of Captain. Src. 22. That regiments shall consist of not less than six nor more than ten companies, and shall be entitled to the following field officers: one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major, with the following Staff: one Adjutant, one Judge Ad- vocate, one Quartermaster, one Surgeon, and one Paymaster— all with the rank of Captaim; one Sergeant-Major and one Quartermaster-Sergeant. Sec. 23. That battalions shall consist of not less than two nor more than five companies, and shall be entitled to the following 

field officers: if composed of four or more companies, one Lieu- tenant Colonel and one Major; if of two and not exceeding three companies, one Major, with the following staff officers one Adjutant, one Judge Advocate, one Quartermaster, one Sur- geon, and one Paymaster—all with rank of First Lieuten- ant; one Sergeant Major and one Quartermaster Sergeant. Src. 24. The word “company” may include battery and troop, and the word “regiment” may include battalion Sec. 25. A company of infantry shall consist of not less than forty-four nor more than ninety-two privates, four corporals four sergeants, one first sergeant, two second lieutenants, one first lieutenant, and one captain Src. 26. A company of artillery shall consist of not less than forty nor more than one hundred privates, four corporals, four sergeants, one first sergeant, two second lieutenants, one first lieutenant, and one captain Src. 27. A company of cavalry shall consist of not less than thirty-two nor more than sixty privates, one bugler, four cor- porals, four sergeants, one first sergeant, two second lieuten- ants, one first lieutenant, and one captain. Src. 28. That in case the number of privates in any company fails below the above minimums, then the regimental and brigade commanders may prohibit the appointment or election of any new commissioned or non-commissioned officers, which would give the company a greater ratio of officers than is above pro- vided. Src..29. There shall be held once in each year an inspection of troops and military property in every county of the State; and all companies of infantry and artillery not producing thirty officers and men, and cavalry companies less than twenty- four officers and men present and in good condition for service, shall be disbanded Sec. 30. Any company of the organized militia may, by a vote of two-thirds of its members, form by-laws, rules, and regula- tions, not inconsistent with this Act, for the government and improvement of its members in military science and discipline; and such by-laws, rules, and regulations shall be binding; but they may be altered from time to time, as may be found neces- sary Sec. 31. That nothing in this Act shall be construed so as to annul, abridge, or interfere with rights or privileges granted by special Act or by charter passed previously for the benefit of any organization now in existence: Provided, That any compa- 

nies which have been disbanded, or may be hereafter disbanded, shall not be entitled to enjoy any military rights granted by charter or Act of incorporation. And all Acts or parts of Acts granting such military rights to companies so disbanded, are hereby repealed. Src. 32. The rules and articles of war, and general regulations efor the government of the army of the United States, so far as d , they are applicable, and are not inconsistent with the Constitu- tion and laws of this State, shall apply to the government of the organized militia of this State, but no punishment under such -rules and articles which shall extend to the taking of life shall in any case be inflicted, except in time of actual war, invasion, or insurrection, declared by proclamation of the Governor to exist, and then only on the approval, by the Commander-in- chief, of the sentence inflicting such punishment. Sec. 33. All appropriations which may be made for promoting the organization and efficiency of the militia of this State, other. -than those needed for the immediate use of the department of the Adjutant and Inspector General, shall be distributed between and among the several Counties of the State in the proportion of their representation in the House of Representatives: Pro- vided, That where no organization exists, the fund shall be in the control of the Adjutant and Inspector General. Election, Rank, etc., of Officers. Sze. 34. That all officers of the militia (except as otherwise provided) shall be appointed and commissioned by the Gover- nor, and shall hold office until resignation or removal. They “shall draw pay only when in actual service. Sec. 35. That all commissioned officers of the militia may be ‘removed from office by the Commander-in-Chief, on reecommen- dation of the commanding officers of their respective battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions. Removal may also be made by decisions of a court martial, or retiring or examining board, pursuant to law; and for misconduct any officer may be sus- “pended by the Commander-in-Chief. Sec. 36. Company officers of the Volunteer Troops shall be -elected by the active members of their respective companies. ’The order for such election shall be issued by the regimental commander, and three managers of election shall be appointed by the company commander. In case of a company officer, already in commission, being promoted by the results of such 

election, the vacancy thus created may be filled at the same time without further orders. Sec. 37. Field officers of Volunteer Troops shall be elected by the active members of the regiment. The order for election, shall be issued by the brigade commander, and three managers for each company shall be appointed by the respective company commanders. The election will be held in each company, and the returns, duly sealed, transmitted through the regimental commander, to the brigade commander, who will announce the results in accordance witb the returns. All officers ordering elections shall report the results to the Adjutant and Inspector General, who shall, with the Governor's approval, issue the proper commission to the officers elected, dating the same from the day the vacancy occurred. At least ten days’ notice shall be required for any election. Hereafter no fee shall be charged for any commissions issued by the Adjutant and Inspector General. Sec. 38. In case of contest or protest of any election for any officer, notice must be given to the officer ordering the same within five days of the date of such election ; and he shall for- ward such notice and the returns, without delay, through the proper officers, to the Adjutant and Inspector General, who shall then order a court of inquiry to determine the cause, the findings of which court shall be final. In the case of unat- tached companies or regiments, the Adjutant and Inspector General shall issue orders for elections, and shall, on the receipt of the returns, announce the results. Contests and protests shall be decided as above provided for. Sec. 39. Commissioned officers shall take rank according to the date of their commission, and when two of the same grade bear an even date, the date of previous commission shall govern: and if these also be of even date and equal rank, then the rank shall be determined by lot, drawn before the com- tachment. mander of the brigade, regiment, battalion, company, or de- That nothing in this Act shall be construed so as to vacate the.office or change the rank of any officer now holding com- mission in the organized militia. Szc. 40. Staff officers shall be appointed by their respective regimental, brigade, and division commanders, subject to the ap- proval of the Governor. The commissions of staff officers shall ¢ expire as soon as the successor of such appointing officer is com-* missioned. When a staff officer is continued in his office by a 

new appointing officer, he shall take rank according to date of his original commission Src. 41. Any commissioned ofticer shall have authority to ad- minister oaths to military persons, when such may be necessary ; and the same penalties shall attach to false swearing in such cases as are now provided by law in case of perjury Src. 42. All commanding officers of companies, egiments, brigades, or divisions, shall have power to place in arrest any officer, and order in confinement any non-commissioned officer or private who,may be under their command; and persons in arrest or confinement will not bear arms ania the continuance of such arrest or confinement. Src. 43. No officer, non-commissioned officer, or private, shall be arrested, except for treason, felony, or breach of the peace, while going to, returning from or attending upon any military duty, court martial, or court of inquiry, which it is his duty to attend Fourth Brigade Sec. 44. That the corporation heretofore known as the Board of Field Officers of the Fourth Brigade, South Carolina Militia, hand subsequently as the Board of Field Officers of the Fourth Brigade, South Carolina Volunteer Troops, shall hereafter con- ¢sist of the Brigadier General commanding the Fourth Brigade, South Carolina Volunteer Troops, and the field officers of the regiments and battalions now constituting the said fourth brigade, viz First Regiment of Rifles, Seventeenth Regiment of Infantry, Carolina Rifle Battalion, First Regiment Artillery, German Artillery, and one squadron of cavalry; and their suc cessors in office That the said corporation, so composed, shall continue to be, and shall be, a body politic and corporate, for the purpose of holding all property, both real and personal, now owned or hereafter to be acquired by the said Board for the benefit of the said briyade as now constituted That the said corporation, so composed, shall continue to have, and shall have, power to take, purchase, and hold property both real and personal, for the benefit of the said brigade as hereby constituted, and the same to pledge, sell, and transfer from time to time, on such terms and under such conditions and subject to such regulations as may be prescribed by the said cor- poration: Provided, however, That the property now held by them and known as the Citadel Green, shall forever be kept by them as a place for. the military exercises of said brigade And provided further, That upon the re-organization of the State 

Military Academy, the corps of cadets shall have the right to use the said Citadel Green as a place for military exercises and recreation, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Board of Visitors thereof. Arms, etc. Sec. 45. Each regularly organized company of the militia shall be furnished by the State with such arms and equipments as are required, upon the written requisition of the commanding officers of such companies respectively, approved by the regi- mental commander. And the arms and equipments so furnished, together with all other military property which may be fur- nished to any organization of the militia, shall remain and con- tinue to be the property of the State, to be used for military pur- poses only, and to be returned whenever called for by proper . authority. Src: 46. Any officer who shall receive, according to the pro- visions of this Act, any arms, equipments, or other military pro- perty from the State, shall distribute the same to his command as he shall deem proper, taking vouchers therefor; and he shall require those to whom they are distributed to return them at such time and place as he shall order and direct ; and every officer, non- commissioned officer, and private of any company of the militia to whom any arms, equipments, or other military property shall be so delivered, shall be held personally responsible for its care, safe-keeping, and return. He shall use the same for military drills, parades, and musters only; and upon receiving a discharge, or otherwise leaving the military service, or upon the demand of his commanding officer, he shall forthwith surrender and de- liver up the said arms and equipments, together with all other military property that may be in his possession, to the said commanding officer in as good order and condition as the same were at the time he received them, reasonable use and ordinary wear thereof excepted. Src. 47. That the County Commissioners of Charleston Coun- ty be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed to levy an annual tax of one-eighth of one mill on all the taxable property in the city of Charleston, the same to be collected by the Coun- ty Treasurer of Charleston County, for the benefit of, and to be paid over to, the Board of Field Officers of the Fourth Brigade, South Carolina Volunteer Troops. That the fund arising from the said levy shall be distributed by the said Board of Field Offi- cers among the companies of the said Fourth Brigade and the 

Charleston Light Dragoons, in proportion to the average attend- ance at such drills and parades as may be designated by the said Board of Field Officers That the moneys thus appropriated shall be expended by said companies only for the purchase of arms, ammunition, equipments, and uniform, and for such other expenses as may be necessary for the military efficiency of the said companies; and that the company commander shall, on the fifteenth day of September of each year, make a full report of the said expenditures to the commanding officer of the said Fourth Brigade, who shall forward the same to the Adjutant and In- spector General: Provided, That one-tenth of the amount col- p lected by the said levy shall be paid by the said Board of Field 1 Officers to the commanding officer of the National Guard in the city of Charleston, to be by him distributed to the companies of his command in the city of Charleston, the commanders of which shall expend and report the same in like manner as provided for the companies of the Fourth Brigade Sec. 48. The Governor shall call in all arms, equipments, and y munitions which are in the hands of any persons not author- ized by law to hold the same Any officer, non-commissioned officer, or private who shall, contrary to the lawful order of the proper officer, retain in his possession or control any arms, equip- ments, or other article of military property belonging to the State, or who shall wilfully or maliciously destroy or injure any such property, or who shall, when not on duty, use or wear any such property, without permission of his commanding officer shall be tried by court martial and punished as hereinafter pro- vided. And all other persons who shall wilfully or maliciously destroy or injure, or purchase, retain, or have in custody or possession, without right, any such military property belonging to the State, and shall, after demand, refuse to deliver the same to any officer entitled tu take possession thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall be punished by a fine double the amount of the value of such military pro- perty so injured, destroyed, purchased or detained, or by im- prisonment in the County jail for two days for every dollar of such fine; and such fine shall be paid into the military fund of x the regiment to which such property belonged. Any command- ii- ing officer may take possession of such military property wher- ever the same may be found. led Sec. 49. In order to facilitate the collection of'arms and military “Property of the State, the Governor shall be authorized to allow the following sums for the restoration of such property, to wit: 

For every Remington rifle, 50 cents; for every Winchester rifle, $2.00; for every set of equipments, 10 cents; for every 100 rounds ball cartridges, 10 cents: Provided, That such arms are not returned by any legally organized body of troops to whom they were issued. Sec. 50. Any officer receiving public property for military use shall be accountable for the articles so received by him, and ¢ shall not be discharged or allowed to resign from the service until he has returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General receipt from his successor in command, or a proper accounting ; officer, for the articles issued to him, in good order and condi- tion, or shown to the Adjutant and Inspector General, by satis- 8 factory proof, that any article not so accounted for has been properly expended in the service, or injured, lost, or destroyed without any default or neglect on his part; and, if lost or wilfully injured or destroyed through the misconduct of-any person, that reasonable efforts have been made by him to recover or prose- cute for the same; and, in addition, he shall be liable to make good to the State all such property so injured, lost or destroyed by any neglect or default on his part, and for the recovery of which he has made no reasonable effort. Parades, Drills, ete. Sec. 51. Commanders of companies shall cause their com- panies to parade not less than once in each year; in addition to such parades, they shall order company drills not less than twoy times each year. Regimental, brigade, and division commanders may order out their respective commands, or any part of them, for parade, drill, review, or inspection at such times and places as they may deem most convenient. The Commander-in-Chief may order reviews or encampments of such portions of the militia at such times and places as he shall deem proper. Src. 52. No officer, non-commissioned officer, or private shall fail in repairing at the time fixed to the place of parade, drill, or other rendezvous appointed by his commanding officer, if not prevented by sickness or some other evident necessity, or shall go from the said place of rendezvous without leave from his com- manding officer, before he shall be regularly dismissed or re- lieved, on the penalty of being punished, according to the nature of his offence, by the sentence of a court martial. Sec. 53. The commanding officer at any parade or drill may cause those under his command to perform any field or camp duty he shall require ; and, also, may put under guard, for the 

day or time of continuing such parade or drill, any officer, non- commissioned officer, or private, who shall disobey the order of his superior officer, or in any way or manner interrupt the ex- ercises of the day He may ascertain and fix the necessary - bounds and limits to his parade ground (no road on which people usually travel, or more than one-half the width of any street, to be included), within which no spectator shall enter without leave from such commanding officer; and whoever intrudes within such limits, after being forbidden, or in any way or manner in- terrupts or molests the orderly discharge of duty of those under arms, may be confined under guard during the time of such parade or drill Sec. 54. For the purpose of notifying the non-commissioned , officers and privates for any parade, drill, or other rendezvous, the commandant of each company shall issue his orders, either by warrant or otherwise, to one or more of his non-commis- sioned officers or privates, requiring them, respectively, to warn all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of his company to appear at the time and place appointed, armed and Each non-commis- equipped according to law and regulation sioned officer or private to whom such order shall be given shall give notice, either verbally or in writing, of such time and place to every person whom he is ordered to warn; or, in case of his inability to find such person, he shall leave a written notice at his usual place of abode or business, with some person of suitable age and discretion, or shall send the same to him by mail. The return of such non-commissioned officer or - private, 80 sworn to, shall be as good evidence on the trial of eany person returned as a delinquent of the facts therein stated, ’as if such non-commissioned officer or private had testified to the same before the court martial on such trial Src. 55. Any commissioned officer of a company may, with- out warrant, warn any or all of the members of his command ‘to appear at any parade, drill, or rendezvous Such warning may be given to them either personally or by leaving a notice, or sending by mail, in the same manner as if given by a non- commissioned officer, and his certificate shall be received by any court martial as legal evidence of such warning. 7 Src. 56. When a company is paraded, or assembled for any y other purpose, the commanding officer may verbally warn the “men to appear on some future day, and not more than thirty days from such time, which shall be. sufficient notice as respects the persons present ; and a record of the names of the officers 

and privates then present, signed by such commanding officer, shall be sufficient evidence of such warning. Sec. 57. The officers and non-commissioned staff-officers of each regiment or battalion shall be warned to attend at any pa- rade or drill in the same manner as is prescribed by law for the warning of the privates of any company; and the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion may designate and order any or all of the non-commissioned staff officers of the regiment or battalion to perform that duty, who shall make return thereof to the commanding officer or adjutant of the regiment or bat- talion, in the same manner and under the same penalty for de- linquencies as are by law imposed on non-commissioned officers or privates of companies for similar delinquencies Sec. 58. All commanding officers of regiments, battalions, or companies may, on any parade or drill, read division, brigade, or regimental orders, and notify the officers and soldiers of their several commands to appear as by such orders required, which notice shall be a sufficient warning to all persons present Src. 59. The commanding officer of any division, brigade, regiment, or battalion, may require the commissioned officers 4 and non-commissioned officers of his command to meet for in- struction, exercise, and improvement, at such times and places as he shall appoint; and he may require them to appear with such arms and accoutrements as he may prescribe; said officers shall thereupon be formed into a corps of instruction, without regard to rank, and shall be thoroughly instructed in the manual of arms,.the school of the soldier, and the company, and in such other theoretical and practical details of duty as the said com- manding officer shall deem proper. Sec. 60. Any person belonging to the military forces of this State, going to or returning from any parade, drill, or meeting, which he may be appointed by law to attend, shall, together § with his conveyance and the military property of the State, be allowed to pass free through all toll-gates and over all toll-bridges | and ferries. Src. 61. That within ten days after any parade, drill, or ren- dezvous of any battalion or regiment, the Adjutant shall report to the commanding officer the names of all line or staff officers absent therefrom ; and the commanding officer snall order a court martial to pass upon such delinquencies And at any com- pany parade, drill, or rendezvous ordered by battalion com- mander, or by law, absence of officers shall be reported to the 

regimental or battalion commander by the company commander, and the delinquents court martialled as above provided Src. 62. Any officer who neglects to perform the duties of his office, or to obey the rightful orders of his superiors, or who is guilty of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman, or who violates any of the provisions of this Act, may be put under arrest by his superior officer, and tried by a court martial . Courts Martial Sec. 63. All courts martial for the trial of commissioned officers shall consist of not less than five nor more than thirteen officers, and in all case3 a majority of the court shall be of not less rank than the accused. Regimental commanders shall have power to appoint regimental courts martial for the trial of all In officers, except field officers, of their respective regiments. all cases where the regimental commander is the accuser, and for the trial of all other officers within their respective com- mands, the commander of brigades shall have power to order general courts martial In all cases where the brigade com- mander is the accuser, or where the regimental or brigade com- mander neglects or refuses to order a court martial, then the For the court shall be ordered by the division commander trial of a brigadier or major general, courts martial shall be or- dered by the Commander-in-Chief. Sec. 64. Courts martial may sentence an officer convicted by them to be punished according to the nature and degree of the offence, and according to military usage; but in time of peace such punishment shall not extend further than cashiering the officer convicted, and disqualifying him from holding any office in the militia of this State, and imposing a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars Officers cashiered by sentence of a court martial shall be precluded thereby from again volunteering into the military service of the State, except the sentence be remit- ted by the Commander-in-Chief Sxc. 65. Courts of inquiry, to consist of three officers and a _judge advocate, may be instituted by the Commander-in-Chief, or h- by the commanding officer of' a division, brigade, or regiment, in relation to those officers for whose trial they are authorized to appoint courts martial, for the purpose of examining into any military transaction, or the conduct of any officer, either by his own solicitation or on-a complaint or charge of improper con- duct, or for the purpose of settling a military question, or for establishing good order and discipline Such court of inquiry 

shall, without delay, report the evidence adduced, a statement of facts, and, when required, an opinion thereon, to the officer instituting such court, who may, in his discretion, thereupon appoint a court martial for the trial of the officer whose conduct shall have been in quired into. Sec. 66. For the trial of non-commissioned officers and privates, regimental commanders may at any time appoint a court martial q for their respective regiments, such courts to consist of at least three commissioned officers. The court, when orgdnized, shall have the trial of all offences, delinquencies, and deficiencies that occur in the regiment for which it shall have been appointed. Sec. 67. No officer, non-commissioned officer, or private shall be tried except on written charges and specifications. The ar- raignment fof the accused, the proceedings, trial, and record, shall, in all respects conform to the forms and requirements of the United States law and practice of courts martial, except as herein otherwise provided. Src. 68. The proceedings and sentence of a court martial shall, without delay, be transmitted to the officer ordering the Court, or to his successor in command, who shall within fifteen days thereafter, approve, disapprove, commute, or remit the sentence, and issue his order thereon; and he shall also transmit such proceedings and sentence, with his action thereon, to the Adju- tant and Inspector General to be filed in his office. Src. 69. Every member of the court martial shall keep secret the proceedings and sentence of the court until the same shall be approved or disapproved or otherwise acted upon according to law, and shall keep secret the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court, unless required to give evidence thereof by a Court of Justice in due course of law. Src. 70. The President of every court martial or court of inquiry shall be the member of the court, senior in rank, who, besides his duties and privileges as a member, shall be the organ of the court to keep order and conduct its business. In his absence the senior officer present shall preside, with all the pow- ers of the President. Allthe members of such court shall, when on duty, be in full uniform; and the court may sit without re- gard to hours, and may adjourn from time to time, as may be necessary for the transaction of business. Src. 71. Courts martial and courts of inquiry are authorized and empowered to preserve order during their sessions, and any person or persons who shall be guilty of disorderly, con- temptuous, or insolent behavior in, or use any insulting or con- 

temptuous, or indecorous language or expressions to or before any such court, or any member of either of such courts, in open court, intending to interrupt the proceedings or to impair the respect or authority of such courts, may be committed to the jail of the County in which said courts shall sit, for a time not exceeding twelve hours, by warrant under the hand and seal of the President of such court. Sec. 72. Courts martial and courts of inquiry shall issue sub- peenas for all witnesses whose attendance at such courts may, in their opinion, be necessary in behalf of the State, and also, on application, for all witnesses in behalf of any officer charged or accused, or persons returned as delinquents; and may direct the commandant of any.company to cause such subpeena to be served on any witness or member of his company. Such court |, Shall also have power to administer the usual oath to witnesses, “and to compel witnesses to appear and testify, by attachment, fine, and imprisonment, as courts of common law; and all sheriffs, jailers, and constables are hereby required to execute any process issued by such courts for any of the aforesaid purposes. Src. 73. The President of any court martial or court of -inquiry may appoint by warrant, under his official signature, one or more marshals, who shall, when required, execute any process lawfully issued by such president or court, and perform all acts and duties by this Act imposed on and authorized to be performed by any sheriff or constable. The marshals so appoint- -ed shall, before entering upon their duties of collecting fines and penalties, execute a bond with sufficient sureties, to. be approved by the President of the court appointing them, for the faithful performance of their duties. Src. 74. For the purpose of collecting any fines or penalties je imposed by any court martial authorized by this Act, the Presi- dent of the court shall, within thirty days after the fines or ‘penalties have been imposed and approved, issue an execution or warrant under his official signature, directed to any marshal of the court, or to all and singular the sheriffs and constables of the State, thereby commanding them to levy such fines and penalties, together with the costs, on the goods and chattels of such delinquent. Sec. 75. Every marshal, sheriff, or constable, to whom any 2such warrant or execution shall be directed and delivered, is 9 hereby authorized and required to execute the same, by levying and collecting the fines and penalties, and make returns thereof 

to the officer who issued the same, within sixty days from the receipt of such execution or warrant, paying over the amount collected to the proper officer, in accordance with the provisions of this Act Any marsbal, sheriff, or constable, failing or re- fusing to execute such execution or warrant, as herein required or to make return thereof and pay over fines so collected, shall be subject to rule and attachment, from the Court of Common Pleas of the County wherein he resides, upon motion of any attorney, president of a court martial, the officer ordering the same, or any other officer whose duty it is to sec that such pro- cess be duly executed. Sec. 76. Out of the fines and penalties impoeed by any court martial, and collected, there shall be paid, upon the certificate of the President of such court, approved by the officer ordering the same, to every marshal appointed by every such court, one dol- lar for every day actually employed in the execution of the duties required of him Sec. 77. For executing any process, or performing any service required by the provisions of this Act, Sheriffs and Constables shall be entitled to the same fees as they are allowed by law for similar services in civil or criminal cases Marshals appointed by the President of.any court martial, to whom an execution or warrant for the collection of fines and penalties may be directed or delivered, shall be entitled to the like fees as sheriffs for simi- lar services Fines and Penalties Sec. 78. Every officer, non-commissioned officer, or private, shall, on due conviction by any court martial, be subject for the following offences, to the fines and penalties thereto annexed 1. In time of peace, every commissioned officer, for disobedi- ence of orders, neglect or, ignorance of duty, conduct unbecom- ing an officer and a gentleman, or prejudicial to good order and military discipline, neglecting to comply with or violating any of the provisions of this Act, shall be cashiered, disqualified from holding any military commission, fined to an amount not exceeding one hundred dollars, or reprimanded, or be sentenced to all or either of such fine and penalties, within the discretion of the Court. 2. Every commissioned officer, for non-attendance at any parade, drill, or place of rendezvous, a fine of not less than three nor more than twenty dollars. 3. Every non-commissioned officer and private, for non-ap- pearance, when duly warned, at. any company parade, inspec- 

tion, muster, or drill, a fine of one dollar; for non-appearance at a regimental or battalion parade, inspection, or drill, a fine of two dollars; for disobedience of orders, or disrespectful or insubordinate conduct, a fine of not exceeding ten dollars 4, Every officer, non-commissioned officer, or private for neg- lecting or refusing to obey the orders of his superior officers on any day of parade, drill, or inspection, or to perform such mili- tary duty or exercise as may be required, or departing from his colors, post, or leaving his place or ranks without permission, a fine of not more than twenty nor less than three dollars 5. Every officer, non-commissioned officer, or. private, for neglecting or refusing to obey any order or warrant to him. lawfully given or directed, or to make a proper return thereof, or neglecting or refusin when required, to summon a delin- quent before a court martial, a fine of not more than twenty nor less than three dollars 6. Any officer non-commissioned officer, or private, who shall neglect or refuse to surrender or deliver up, upon demand of his commanding officer, any arms, equipment, or other mili- tary property of the State that may be in his possession, shall be fined not more than one hundred nor less than ten dollars; and any officer may take possession of such military property wherever the same may be found 7. Every non-commissioned officer or private appearing at any parade, drill, inspection, or review, deficient in arms, equip- ments, or uniform, or in unserviceable or bad condition, if from his own neglect, a fine of one dollar In addition to, or in lieu of, the fine herein specified, the offender shall be liable, in the discretion of the court, to be dishonorably discharged from the command to which he belongs. Sec. 79. All fines and penalties collected from any officer, non- commissioned officer, or private of a regiment, shall be paid by the officer collecting the same to the paymaster of the regiment to which the person so fined belonged, ard shall constitute a portion of the military fund of such regiment, which shall be disbursed by order of the commanding officer of such regiment Provided, That in case of members of unattached companies fines shall be paid to the commanding officer for the use of said company. All fines and penalties collected from any other com- missioned officer shall be paid by the officer collecting the same to the Adjutant and Inspector General of the State, to be ex- pended for the use of the militia of the State Sgc. 80. For each regiment there shall be appointed a pay- 

master, who shall receive all fines and penalties collected and payable to such regiment He shall give a bond in the sum of two hundred dollars for the faithful discharge of his duties, with one or more sureties, to be approved by the commanding officer of the regiment for which he is appointed. Each paymaster shall be compelled to account at least once in twelve months, and oftener if required, to the commanding officer of the regiment of which he is paymaster, which accounts shall be subject to the inspection of the Brigadier General, Major General, and Commander-in-Chief, respectively. A copy of said accounts shall be forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General, to be filed in his office Repealing Clause Src. 81. That Chapter XV., Title IV., Part I., of the Revised Statutes of South Carolina, relating to the militia; an Act sup- plementary to Chapter XV., Title IV., Part I., of the General Statutes of South Carolina, relating to the militia, and for the better organization and government of the same; an Act to amend an Act entitled “An Act supplementary to Chapter XV Title IV., Part I., of the General Statutes of South Carolina, relat- ing to the militia, and for the better organization and government ” of the same an Act to provide for the better organization of the Fourth Brigade of South Carolina Volunteer Troops; An Act sup- plementary to Chapter-XV., Title IV., Part I of the General Statutes of South Carolina; An Act to amend an Act entitled “An Act supplementary to Chapter XV., Title IV., Part I., of the Gen- eral Statutes of South Carolina,” approved March 22, 1878; an Act to amend an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the better or- ganization of the Fourth Brigade of South Carolina Volunteer Troops; an Act to require the commissioned officers of Volun- teer State Troops to make certain annual reports to superior officers, be, and the same are hereby, repealed Sec. 82. That this Act shall take effect from its passage In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT prRoviIDING FOR THE MORE COMPLETE PREPARATION OF THE GENERAL STATUTES OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND FOR OBTAIN- ING AN INDEX THEREFOR Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Commission appointed under the provision of the Act of Assembly entitled “An Act to provide for the revision, digest and arrangement of the statute Jaws of South Carolina,” ap- proved 21 December, 1880, be, and they are hereby, instructed to superintend the printing thereof in a permanent form; and also, to prepare and print therewith a suitable index thereto Src That the said Commission be, and they are hereby, au- thorized and instracted to embody in the said General Statutes, without alteration or amendment, such Acts and Joint Resolu- tions passed and approved at the present session of the General Assembly of a general and permanent character; and wherein such Acts or Joint Resolutions may repeal, alter, or modify said General Statutes, to substitute the same for so much and such parts of said General Statutes as the said Acts or Joint Resolu- tions may alter, modify or repeal the same Sec. 3. That the said Commission be, and they are hereby, authorized to enumerate tht Sections of said General Statutes, and all such Acts and parts of Acts, Joint Resolutions, and parts of Joint’ Resolutions, as they may embody therein, from one up- wards, correcting any enumeration in Sections of the said Gen- eral Statutes as may have become necessary by reason of any change or changes therein by action of the General Assembly either in expunging Sections or in adding Sections during the passage thereof, or by the embodying therein of Acts or Joint Resolutions or parts thereof as aforesaid Src. +. That the said Commission continue their work and report to the General Assembly as soon as practicable a Code of Criminal Law with a Code of Criminal Procedure In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT TO PROHIBIT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OR INTOXICATING LIQUORS WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE TOWN OF SENECA City, SoutH CAROLINA, EXCEPT BY DRUGGISTS Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors of any kind, within the corporate limits of the town of Seneca City, in the County of Oconee, in the State! of South Carolina, is hereby prohibited, except by a druggist, 4 upon the written prescription and certificate ofa practising phy- sician that the same is necessary and to be used for medicinal purposes, which prescription and certificate shall be filed and kept, subject to inspection by the corporate authorities of said town And it shall not be lawful for the authorities of said town to issue any licenses for the sale thereof, otherwise than herein provided Sec. 2. That any person violating the provisions of this Act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of not more than one hundred dollars, or imprisoned in the County jail for period of not less than six months, or both so fined and im- prisoned, in the discretion of the Court trying the case Sec. 3. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue of force until repealed Sec. 4. That so much of all Acts or parts of Acts as is incon- sistent with the provisions of this Act, be, and the same is hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882 SOC) OYnn 

AN ACT to auTHoRIZE THE CouNTY COMMISSIONERS OF CHES- TER CouNnTY TO APPLY THE MONEY NOW IN HAND, WHICH WAS COLLECTED FOR THE PURPOSE OF RETIRING BONDS ISSUED BY SAID COUNTY IN AID OF THE CHESTER AND LENOIR Narrow GAuGeE RAILROAD COMPANY, TO THE PAYMENT OF THE COUPONS UPON SAID BONDS AND THE COUPONS UPON BONDS ISSUED BY SAID COUNTY IN AID OF THE CHERAW AND CuEsTER RaILRoAD COMPANY, MATURING IN 1882. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Chester County be, and they are ‘hereby, authorized to apply the money now in hand, which was - collected for the purpose of retiring bonds issued by said County pin aid of the Chester and Lenoir Narrow Gauge Railroad Com- ‘pany, to the payment of the coupons upon said bonds and the coupons upon bonds issued by said County in aid of the Cheraw and Chester Railroad Company, maturing in 1882. Sec. 2. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a “AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE FAIRMOUNT MANUFACTURING Com- PANY OF BARNWELL County, SourTH CAROLINA. Wuergas EK. E. Seel, W. T. Blanton, Isaac A. Blanton, A. P. Manville, J. W. Woodward, W. H. Woodward, W. H. Duncan. and others, under the General Act of Incorporation as defined in General Statutes, Chapter LXIII., have organized themselves into a Company’ known as the Fairmount Manufacturing Com- pany, have purchased lands, machinery, etc., and erected build- ings for the use of the said Company, and whereas the above named parties deem it expedient to apply to this General As- sembly for a special Act of Incorporation : 

Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That E. E. Sell, W. T. Blanton, Isaac A. Blanton, J. W. Woodward, W. H. Woodward, W. H. Duncan, and such other persons as now are, or may hereafter be associated with them, shall be, and are hereby constituted and declared to be a body politic and corporate by the name and style of the Fairmount Manufactur- ing Company; and by that name, they, their successors and .as- signs, shall be capable in law of suing and being sued, pleading and being impleaded, answering and being answered unto, defending and being defended, in all Courts, tribunals and places whatsoever, and shall have power to adopt, make, and use a com- mon seal, and the same to change, alter, and amend at pleasure, and they and their successors and their assigns shall, under this corporate name, be capable of purchasing, holding, and convey- ing any property whatsoever, necessary or expedient to carry out and fulfil the object of the said corporation. Sxc. 2. Beit further enacted, That the capital stock of said Company shall be fifteen thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing the same to one hundred thousand dollars, divided into shares of fifty dollars each, transferable in such manner and under such restrictions as the said corporation, by their by-laws, may require and direct. Src. 3. Be it further enacted, That each share of stock in this Company shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. Src. 4. Be it further- enacted, That there shall be an annual meeting of the stockholders of said corporation, at such time and | place as the corporation may provide by its by-laws for the pur- { pose of electing five Directors, and the Directors shall choose out of their number a President. And in case of the death, resignation, or removal of the President or any Director, such vacancy or vacancies may be filled for the remainder of the year, whenever they may happen, by the said remaining Directors or a majority of them. In case of the absence of the President, the said Directors, or a majority of them, may appoint a Presi- dent “pro tem.,” who shall exercise such powers and functions as the by-laws of said Company may provide. Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the said Directors or a ma- jority of them shall elect, annually, a suitable person who shall” discharge the duties of Secretary and Treasurer of said corpora- tion, who shall be a stockholder in the same. Src. 6. Be it further enacted, That in case it should happen that 

an election of Directors should not be made when, pursuant to this Act, it should be had, the said corporation shall not, by reason thereof, be dissolved, but such election shall be held at any other time, and the Directors previously elected shall con- tinue as Directors until a new election is held and determined. A majority of said Directors of said corporation shall be a quorum to transact all business of said corporation, and they shall have power to call in the capital stock of said Company by such instalments as they may deem advisable, giving thirty days’ notice in some newapaper in Barnwell County. In case of the non-payment of said instalments, the stock- holders so failing to pay their instalments within thirty days after the same becomes due, shall forfeit their share or shares, and the amount before paid to the corporation. Src. 7. Be it further enacted, That the Directors of said Com- pany, or a majority of them, shall settle and adjust the books and accounts of said corporation, at least once every year, and submit a detailed statement of the affairs thereof, to the stock- holders at their annual meeting; and declare and pay such divi- dends as the condition of the said Company may justify. Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the stockholders shall have power to adopt such by-laws for the government and safe and successful management of the property and business of said Company as they may deem proper, not inconsistent with this charter or with the laws of this State. Src. 9. Be it further enacted, That the Treasurer shall give bond to the said corporation in such'sum-and with such sureties as the Directors or a majority of them may exact for the faith- ful performance of the duties of his office. Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That the said corporation shall be entitled to all the benefits enumerated and contained in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures,” ap- proved December 20th, 1873, for a term of ten (10) years from the date of its organization. Src. 11. Be it further enacted, That no license shall be granted >to any person or persons for the sale of any intoxicating liquors ‘within two miles of the main building of the Fairmount Manu- facturing Company. Sec. 12. The said Manufacturing Company shall be situated on Tinker’s Creek, in Barnwell County, for the purpose of manu- facturing cotton, wool, and other textile substances, and any other articles of like nature whatsoever, for grinding grain and 

sawing lumber, with power to erect all such buildings as may be required to carry out such branches of business. Sec. 13. That the capital stock shall be personal property and transferable on the books of the Company, and that no stockholder shall be liable for more than five per cent. over and above the stock held by him. ' Sec. 14. That whereas, under the General Act of Incorpora- tion as found in General Statutes,-Chapter LXIII., as before mentioned, the parties named in this Act did organize and com- mence work under the name of the Fairmount Manufacturing Company: Be it further enacted, That all property obtained by such organization be, and is hereby declared to be, the property of this corporation. And that all Acts done by said organiza- tion, not inconsistent with this charter and the laws of this State, be, and are hereby declared to be, valid. Sec. 15. Be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and continue in force for the term of twenty-one (21) years, and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meeting next thereafter. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT vo REQUIRE THE CouNTY CoMMISSIONERS OF BEAUFORT AND HAMPTON CoUNTIES TO OPEN AND DECLARE AS A PUBLIC HIGHWAY A CERTAIN ROAD LYING PARTLY IN EACH OF THEIR CouNnNTIES. Srction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Beaufort and Hampton Counties are hereby required to open and declare as a public highway a road commencing at Combahee Ferry, in Beaufort County, and rupning thence through the following plantations: “New Port,” “ Bonnie Hall,’ “ Hobonnie,” “Twickenham,” “Old Combahee,”’ and “ Wanens,” on to Yemassee Station, in Hampton County. 

Src. 2 . That the County Commissioners of each of said Coun- ies do assign a sufficient number of hands to work and keep in repair that portion of said road lying in their respective Coun 1e8, In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To RENEW AND AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN or NEWBERRY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- entatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, all persons who are citizens of this State, and who may have resided for sixty days within the corporate limits of the town of Newberry, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, a body" politic and cor- porate, and the said town shall be called “The Town of New- berry Sec. 2. That the corporate limits of the town of Newberry shall extend one mile in each and every direction from the Court House now standing in the said town Sec. 3. That the municipal powers of the town of Newberry be, and they are hereby, vested in the Mayor and four Alder- men, who shall be denominated “The Mayor and Aldermen of the town of Newberry.” Sec. 4. That the Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall be persons who are constitutionally qualified to vote for members of the General Assembly of this State, and who shall have resided within the corporate limits of the said town for sixty days preceding election to such offices Sec. 5. That the election for Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall be holden on the second Tuesday in the month of April of each year; at which election all persons who have hereinbefore been declared to be members of said corporation 

shall be entitled to vote: Provided, however, That it shall be in the power of the Mayor and Aldermen of the town of New- berry to require a registration of all the voters of said town as a prerequisite to voting at any election for Mayor and Aldermen t thereof; and for this purpose full power is hereby vested in the Mayor and Aldermen of said town to prescribe the time, place, manner, and terms of said registration of voters, » by an ordi- nance for that purpose. Sec. 6. That the Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall have authority to try any person for voting at any election for, Mayor and Aldermen, or any one of them, without legal authority so to vote, and to impose as a punishment therefor upon any person convicted by them, a fine not exceeding twenty- five dollars, or imprisonment for not more than thirty days SEc That the Mayor and Aldermen shall lay out the said town into four wards, to be numbered by them from one to four respectively; and in the election for Aldermen for said town each of said wards shall be represented by an Alderman, who shall be a resident of the ward to which he shall be elected an Alderman Src. 8. That the election for Mayor and Aldermen shall be held at some convenient place in the said town, from eight of the clock in the morning until six of the clock in the afternoon when the polls shall be closed; and the managers of election shall forthwith count the votes, declare the election, and give notice thereof to the persons who shall have been elected. The Mayor and Aldermen for the time being shall give ten days notice, by public advertisement thereof, of the time and place of holding said election, and shall appoint three citizens of said town as managers of said election; and the said managers of election, before they shall open the polls, shall take an oath before some one qualified to administer oaths in this State, that they will fairly and impartially conduct said election; and any citizen who has been appointed a manager of election, and shall fail or refuse to serve, shall be subject to a fine of twenty dol- lars, to be imposed by the Mayor and Aldermen of said town And the Mayor and Aldermen of said town are empowered to pass all ordinances, rules, and regulations for the fair and just management of such said elections, and to punish all offences against the same, by fine not exceeding twenty dollars, or.im- prisonment not exceeding thirty days Sec. 9. That the Mayor and Aldcrmen to be elected as above directed shall, before they enter upon the duties of their re- 

spective offices, take the oath prescribed by the Constitution of this State, and in addition thereto take the following oath ce As Mayor (or Alderman, as the case may be,) of the town of New- berry, I will equally and impartially, to the best of my skill and judgment, exercise and discharge the trust reposed in me, and will endeavor to carr 'y into effect the purposes for which I have been elected. So help me God.” Src. 10. That any person who has been elected to the office of Mayor or Alderman, and shall refuse to serve, shall pay the sum of twenty-five dollars for the use of said town: Provided. however, That if the person so elected and refusing to serve, be over the age of sixty years, or has served as Mayor or Alder- man at any time within the period of three years next preced- ing his election and refusal to serve, he shall be excused Sec. 11. That the Mayor and two Aldermen, or in the absence of the Mayor, three Aldermen, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; and in case a vacancy shall occur in the office of Mayor or Aldermen by death, resignation, removal, or for any other cause, an election to fill such vacancy shall be held by appointment of the Mayor and Aldermen, or Aldermen, as the case may be, which election shall be conducted in all respects and be subjected to all the regulations hereinbefore provided for annual elections And in case of sickness or temporary absence of the Mayor, the Aldermen shall be empowered to elect one of their number to act as Mayor for the time, but this shall not prevent the Mayor from naming an Alderman to act as Mayor until a regular meeting of the Council, at which regular meeting the election of an Alderman to act as Mayor for the time being shall be had Sec. 12. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall meet as of. ten as they may deem it necessary for the transaction of busi- ness; they shall provide and keep a common seal, which shall be affixed to all their ordinances, by-laws, rules, regulations, and licenses And the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be empow- ered to elect a Clerk and Treasurer whose compensation shall be fixed at two and one-half per centum on all moneys received by him, and two and one-half per centum onall moneys paid out by him, and one or more marshals, night watchmen, street overseer and such other necessary officers for said town, and to establish the compensation to be paid to said officers elected by them, except the Clerk and Treasurer, and to prescribe the duties of said offi- cers ; to take bond from said officers conditioned to secure the dis- charge of the duties pertaining to their respective offices: Pro- 

vided, however, That all officers elected by the Mayor and Alder- men shall be subject to removal from office at their pleasure The marshals so elected shall be duly sworn and take the oath of office prescribed by law for constables. Sec. 13. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be vested, jointly and severally, with jurisdiction in all criminal cases that.j shall occur within the corporate limits of said town, equal to that now vested by law in Trial Justices in this State But it is provided that at some hour during the morning of each day, 1 the Mayor, or acting Mayor, of said town, shall hold a Court to dispose of such cases as may be ready for trial or other consid- eration Sec. 14. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have con- trol over the streets, ways, pavements, sidewalks, bridges, pub- lic squares, public buildings within the corporate limits of, and belonging to, said town, and shall be clothed with full power to protect life, liberty, and property, both public and private, within the corporate limits of said town; and to effectuate these’ grav trusts, the said Mayor and Aldermen are authorized to pass such ordinances, not inconsistent with the laws of this State, as in their judgment may be necessary, and to affix in said ordi- nances to a violation thereof a fine not exceeding one hundred That dollars, or imprisonment for not more than thirty days the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be charged with the duty of keeping all street ways, sidewalks, pavements, bridges, sewers, and streams and drains within the corporate limits of the said town open and in good order and to accomplish this duty, they are clothed with all the powers of County Commis- sioners, but with the limitation that such said powers shall only be exercised by them within the corporate limits of said town Sec. 15. That all persons by law liable to do road duty, and who reside within the corporate limits of said town, shall be subject to the control of the said Mayor and Aldermen, who shall be empowered to fix the terms for a commutation for per- aons liable to road duty, in no case to exceed four dollars per annum, and the moneys received for a commutation as aforesaid shall be applied by them to the use of the said town And all persons failing to work upon the streets and ways of said town when thereunto required, or who shall fail to pay the sum fixed for a commutation for said work, shall be fined not more than five dollars, or imprisonment for not more than ten days, for each and every offence: Provided, however, That every inhabitant of said town, liable to labor on the public roads 

and who resides within the corporate limits of said town, shall not be liable to do road duty except in the corporate limits of said town. Sec. 16. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have full and exclusive power to grant or refuse licenses to keep taverns, to retail spirituous liquors, to keep billiard tables, or bagatelle tables, or ten pin alleys, within the corporate limits of said town, and to regalate the price for said licenses: Provided, how- ever, That the price for said licenses shall not be fixed at a sum smaller than that now fixed by law, and that they shall have power to impose such restrictions and conditions upon the man- ner of using and exercising under such licenses as they may think proper; and that moneys received for said licenses within the corporate limits of said town, shall be received and expended by the said Mayor and Aldermen for the use of said town. Sec. 17. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have the power and authority to impose the following taxes each year for thé use of said town, that is to say: Twenty cents on each one hundred dollars’ worth of real and personal property being in the limits of said town (except the property of churches and institutions of learning). The value of the said real and per- sonal property, for the purposes. of taxation, shall be fixed and assessed as hereinafter provided. . Sec. 18. That the Mayor and Aldermen shall annually appoint three citizens of said town to assess the value of real estate for taxation; and said assessors, before entering upon their work, shall take an oath to fairly and impartially assess each parcel of real estate in said town; and a report in writing of the assess- ment as made by them shall be signed by said assessors, and the same filed in the office of the Clerk and Treasurer of said town, within the period of the thirty days next ensuing upon the date of their appointment to assess the real estate of the said town. That the said assessors shall receive a compensa- ition for their labor, to be fixed by the Mayor and Aldermen of the said town, but in no case to exceed two dollars per diem; and any person who has been appointed to assess the said real ,.estate, and shall refuse to perform the duties incident to said *s appointment, shall be fined by the said Mayor and Aldermen not less than twenty-five dollars; and that the report of the assessment of real property for taxation shall remain in the office of the Clerk and Treasurer of said town for the inspec- tion of landowners for the thirty days next after the filing thereof; and it shall be in the power of the Mayor and Alder- 

men, for good cause shown, to reduce such said assessment, if complaint against the same shall be made to them within the thirty days next after the filing of the assessment for taxation ; but after the expiration of said thirty days such assessment for taxation shall be final. Sec. 19. That the Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall publish a notice to all the inhabitants of the same, for four suc- y cessive weeks, requiring every owner of personal property q within the corporate limits of said town, or the agent of any absent owner thereof, to make a fair and just return on oath before the Clerk and Treasurer of said town—within a time fixed in said published notice—of said personal property for taxation; and upon the failure of any person who is the owner, or is the agent of the owner, of any personal property within the limits of said town, to make such return thereof for tax- ation, it shall be the duty of said Clerk and Treasurer to assess said personal property for taxation, and his said assessment shall be final; but it is expressly provided, that in case the Mayor and Aldermen of said town are dissatisfied with the re- turns of personal property made by the owners, or the agent! of the owners, of said personal property for taxation, they shall have power to compel such property owner, or the agent of such property owners, to come before them and fairly account for the personal property of such said owner or agent ; and in case of neglect or refusal of the owner or agent to obey the sum- mons of said Mayor and Aldermen to come before them and ac- count for his personal property, then, and in such case, the said Mayor and Aldermen shall fine the said person so refusing the sum of twenty-five dollars for such refusal; and the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be allowed to assess the personal property of the person who shall refuse to attend before them as afore. said, for taxation, as in their best judgement the true value of said personal property may be. Sec. 20. That the said Mayor and Aldermen, for the purpose of collecting the taxes upon real and personal property within the corporate limits of said town, and also to collect such fines as they may have imposed when the said taxes and said fines have not been paid by the persons against whom the said taxes have been assessed, or against whom the said fines may have been passed, shall have the power and authority to issue an ex- ecution against the property, both real and personal, of the person who has failed to pay his or her taxes, or who has failed to pay the fine imposed, directed to the Sheriff of Newberry 

County, requiring him to sell the property, real or personal, or both, as the case may be, of the person described in said execu- tion, to pay the umount fixed in said execution to be due; and that the execution herein provided for shall conform, as near as may be, to that now issued out of the Courts of Common Pleas in this State against the property. And such said execution shall be signed by the Mayor, or acting Mayor, as the case may be, of said town, and attested by the common seal of said town. And the Sheriff, before making any sales of real and personal . property under said execution, shal] advertise a notice of the “said sale, describing the property therein, in the newspapers published in said town, for thirty days next preceding such said sale; and after the said Sheriff shall have sold the property, heshall forthwith turn over from the proceeds of such sale or sales, an amount equal to the tax or fine specified as due in the execution, to the said Mayor and Aldermen, upon their receipt therefor ; ;and the purchasers at the sale of said Sheriff shall receive a deed ein case of the sale of land, and a bill of sale in case of person- alty, from the said Sheriff, and the same shall in law operate to convey the absolute estate of the delinquent taxpayer, or of the person upon whom a fine may have been imposed and payment neglected or refused. Src. 21. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have the , power and authority to hold real and personal property for the Isaid town not to exceed in value in the aggregate the sum of fifty thousand dollars, and, at the end of each fiscal year, it shall be the duty of the said Mayor and Aldermen to cause to be published a detailed statement of their receipts and expendi- tures of moneys for said town, giving a brief summary of the real and personal property on hand and the probable value thereof. Src. 22. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall publish, f for at least thirty days in each year, the method of taxation ‘adopted by them and laying down the rate of taxation in such notice and also prescribing the time when the same shall be payable, which time of payment the said Mayor and Aldermen may, for good cause, extend, provided the extension shall be general. Sec. 23. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have power and authority to license butchers, auctioneers, itinerant sales- men, and common carriers other than railroads, and by ordi- nance to regulate the conduct of those receiving such licenses or any of them, and to punish every offence against said ordi- 

nance by a fine of not more than twenty dollars, or imprison- ment of not more than thirty days. Src. 24. That the Mayor and Aldermen shall be authorized and empowered in their discretion to lay a tax upon all dogs within the corporate limits of said town: Provided, Said tax does not exceed the sum of one dollar upon each dog to lay a tax upon all pleasure carriages, barouches, omnibuses, drays, carts, and wagons, used for hire or public employment within the said corporate limits: Provided, That for in any one year, no tax on any such carriage, barouche, omnibus, dray, cart, or wagon, used for hire, or public employment, shall exceed five dollars. Sec. 25. That the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any of them, shall be empowered to require the presence of any person as a witness in any case before him or them: Provided, They jointly or severally cause a written or printed notice of the time and place where said witness shall attend ; such written or printed notice to be signed by the Clerk and Treasurer of said town, and issued under the common seal of said town; and that the said Mayor and Aldermen shall, either jointly or severally, cause a written or printed notice to be served upon any person who is to be brought before them or any of them for trial for any violation of the laws of the State within their jurisdiction jointly or severally, or any of the ordinances of the town, stating the offence, time and place for trial, and said notice shall be served by either one of the marshals of the said town, or the Sheriff of Newberry County, and shall be signed by the Clerk or Treasurer and issued under the seal of the said town: Provided however, This shall not prevent the arrest of any person who is committing a breach of the peace or any offence against J public decency, withont such written or printed notice. Src. 26. The Mayor and Aldermen are authorized to have and provide a guard house or town prison, and to make suitable regulations for its government ; and any marshal of said town is authorized to arrest and commit to the custody of the keeper of the guard house or town prison for a period of not more than twenty-four hours, any person or persons who shall be guilty," within the corporate limits of said town, of a breach of the peace, or of public drunkenness, or of open indecency, or any other disorderly conduct injurious to the peace, safety, and good order of society. And the said Mayor or Aldermen, or any of them, or the said marshals, whenever, in the discharge of the duties of their offices respectively, it shall become necessary to arrest person or persons violating the law, shall have authority 

to call to their assistance the posse comitatus of said town ; and whosoever, after being called to the aid of such officers of the law, shall neglect or refuse to render the aid required, shall I be subject, on a conviction thereof before fhe Mayor and Alder- men of said town, to a fine of not more than twenty dollars, or imprisonment for not more than thirty days, at their discretion. Sec. 27. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have power -to abate all nuisances within the corporate limits of said town, and also to appoint a Board of Health of said town, and to pass ‘such ordinances as may be necessary to define the powers and pb duties of said Board of Health, and to impose a fine of not more than twenty-five dollars upon any person who shall refuse to serve upon said Board of Health. And it is expressly provided herein, that upon the failure of any person in the possession of land within the corporate limits of said town to cleanse the privies or water-closets, or remove any other nuisances from the premises in his possession or under his control, when so directed to do by either the Mayor and Aldermen or the Board of Health, it shall be made the duty of said Mayor and Aldermen to cause their marshals or other employees to enter the premises in question and abate the said nuisances, at the expense of the person in possession of said premises. And if any person shall interfere with a marshal or other employee of said town, be shall be adjudged, upon proof to convict, guilty of a misde ~meanor, for which he may be tried before the said Mayor and Aldermen, and sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one hundred dollars, or be imprisoned for not more than thirty days. And if the person in possession of said premises when the ex- penses of cleansing the same shall be demanded of him, shall refuse to pay the same, he shall be adjudged guilty of a misde- meanor, and may be tried before said Mayor and Aldermen, and. upon conviction, may be adjudged to pay a fine of not more than twenty-five dollars, or imprisonment for not more than twenty days. - Sec. 28. That the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any of then, ‘shall be subject to indictment for any wilful violation or neglect ‘of duty, besides for civil damages to the aggrieved party. Sec. 29. That all the rights, privileges, powers, and authority ; herein invested in and granted toa Mayor and four Aldermen t for the said town, are hereby vested in the present Intendant and four Wardens of the said town, who shall, from and after the passage of this Act, be called Mayor and Aldermen in lieu of Intendant and Wardens, and tu any person elected to filla 

vacancy in their number until the second Tuesday of April next, being the end of their term of oftice, or until their successors in office have been elected and qualified, at which time and at all future elections a Mayor and four Aldermen shall be elected for said town as hereinbefore provided for. And the present Town Council are liable to all the duties, obligations, and penalties imposed by this Act; and during the remainder of their term of office the present Intendant and two Wardens, or three War- dens in the absence of the Intendant, shall be a quorum for the transaction of business. Sec. 30. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and due notice thereof shall be taken in all the Courts of Jus- tice and elsewhere in this State: that all Acts heretofore passed relative to the incorporation of the said Town, be, ahd the same are hereby, repealed; and that this Act continue of force until the sare be repealed. In the Senate House. the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. -—— AN ACT ro AMEND AN Act ENTITLED “AN ACT TO FURTHER REGULATE THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS IN THIS STATE,” APPROVED DECEMBER 24TH. 1880. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to further regulate the sale of intoxi- eating liquors in this State,” approved December 24th, 1880, be. and the same is hereby, amended by adding thereto the follow- ing as Section 7: “That nothing in this Act contained shall be held to apply to sales by the manufacturers in quantities: not less than one gallon of domestic wine manufactured by them from grapes grown within this State, nor to the sale by licensed distillers in original packages of not less than ten gallons of spirituous liquors distilled by them within this State: Provided, 

That such sale by licensed distillers shall only be made on the premises where the said spirituous liquors are manufactured. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To CEDE AND VEST IN THE County OF CLARENDON ALL THE RIGHT, TITLE, AND INTEREST OF THE STATE OF SouTH Car- OLINA IN THE JAIL LOT SITUATED IN THE TOWN OF MANNING OF THE SAID County. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all the right, title, and interest of the State of South Carolina in and to a cer- tain lot in the town of Manning, County of Clarendon of -said State, known as the jail lot, be, and the same is hereby, f granted and ceded to the said County of Clarendon: Provided, That the said jail lot and the proceeds thereof, when hereafter sold by the County Commissioners of said County, and such lot as may be purchased in whole or in part, with such proceeds for a jail lot, shall be exempt from attachment, levy, or sale under or by any proceeding, execution, or decree against said County. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thonsand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. - 1882. Approved January 31st, A. NEGO) NT SOOT) Oe a 

AN ACT To amMEND SeEcTIon 4 oF AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO REGULATE THE NUMBER AND SALARIES OF TRIAL JUSTICES IN AND FOR THE CouNntTY OF GEORGETOWN,” APPROVED DECEMBER 24TH, 1880, so AS TO REMOVE THE RESTRICTIONS THEREBY IM- POSED UPON THE RIGHT OF THE SHERIFF OF SAID COUNTY TO CHARGE AND COLLECT HIS USUAL FEES FOR CERTAIN SERVICES. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 4 of an Act entitled “An Act to regulate the number and salaries of Trial Justices in and for the County of George- town,” approved December 24th, 1880, by striking out the words “shall not exceed the sum of two hundred dollars ($200) per annum,” and inserting in lieu thereof the words “shall be his usual fees for such services,” so that said Section shall here- after read as follows: ‘That the Trial Justices appointed to serve outside of the town of Georgetown shall each appoint one Con- stable, and no more, to serve the processes of their respective Courts, removable at pleasure. The Constables so appointed shall each receive a salary of fifty dollars ($50) per annum. to be paid at the times, and in the same manner provided by Sec- tion 2 of this Act. All processes and warrants issued by those Trial Justices located in the town of Georgetown, shall be exe-; cuted by the Sheriff of said County, and the fees allowed theg Sheriff for such service, shall be his usual fees for such services.” Sec. 2. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. A. D. 1882. Approved January 31st, JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. nw AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND DIRECT THE CouNTY CUMMISSION- ERS OF ORANGEBURG AND COLLETON COUNTIES TO ERECT A BRIDGE ACROSS THE Episto RIvER. ‘Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That _the County Commissioners of Orangeburg County, and the ie oCounty Commissioners of Colleton, be, and they are hereby, oauthorized and directed immediately after the passage of this Act, to build, construct, and erect a bridge across the Edisto River. between the said Counties, at a place known as Richard- son’s landing or Young’s landing. Sec. 2. That for the purpose of building such bridye the said County Commissioners be, and they are hereby, authorized to hlevy a tax sufficient to pay for same; that is to say, the County Commissioners of Orangeburg County to levy on the County of Orangeburg one-half such amount, and the County Commissioners of Colleton County to levy on Colleton County one-balf such amount: Provided, The said bridge shall not cost more than eight hundred dollars. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. A. D. 1882. Approved January 31st, J OHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To ENABLE THE City Boarp or ScHoot CoMMISSIONERS FOR THE CITY OF CHARLESTON TO COMPLETE AND FURNISH THE SCHOOL IN FRIEND STREET. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of the same, That the City Board of School Commissioners for the city of Cbarles- ton be, and they are hereby, authorized to levy and collect a ftax upon all the taxable property in said city of one-half of hone mill for the current fiscal year, and a like amount of tax in the fiscal year next ensuing; the same to be collected in the same manner and at the same time with the present school tax for the said city, and that the amount collected be applied by the said Board to the erection, furnishing, and completing the school house in Friend Street now in the course of erection. Sec. 2. That the said City Board are authorized to borrow such amount of money as they may deem necessary, not ex- ceeding the aggregate amount of said tax, in order to complete 

and furnish the said building without delay, and for that pur- pose to issue through their Chairman such notes or bonds as may be requisite, and that such notes or bonds shall be paid from the said taxes hereby authorized as the same may be col- lected. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY. President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD., Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE GILMER MANUFACTURING COMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Goneral Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Robert A. Gilmer, H. F. Gilmer, J. J. Gilmer, and others, and their associates and successors, are hereby made and created a body politic and corporate under the name and style of the Gil- mer Manufacturing Company, to he located on or near the tract of land known as the Gilmer Mills tract, on Chauga Creek, in Oconee County, South Carolina, within one-half mile of the Al- lanta and Charlotte Air Line Railroad, for the purpose of manu- facturing, spinning, dycing, printing, and finishing, and_ sell- ing all goods of every kind made of wool or cotton, or of which wool, cotton or other fibrous articles may form a part, and any other articles of like nature or kind whatsoever, which they may from time to time desire, and for grinding and milling wheat, corn and other grains, sawing and selling lumber. and for producing and making all machinery, tools and implements necessary to or used for such purposes, and may erect such mills, buildings, machine shops, stores, dwellings, and other works as may be required or necessary to carry out such branches of manufacture and business, and also for the transaction of all business connected with the purposes so recited. Sec. 2. The parties aforesaid shall have power to raise by aub- scription, a capital for the said corporation of one hundred thou- sand ($100,000) dollars in one thousand shares of one hundred dollars ($100) each: Provided, however, That a majority of the 

Board of Directors of the said incorporation shall have the power of increasing the said capital stock to any extent not exceeding five hundred thousand ($500,000) dollars, whenever they may -deem proper so to do; and the said corporation shall, by its by-laws, provide for the manner of raising and distributing such additional capital stock. Src. 3. The said corporation may purchase and hold all such real and personal estate as may, from time to time, be required ‘for their purposes, or such as they may be obliged or may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due said corporation, and may dispose of the same; may erect such mills, machine shops, dwellings and other buildings thereon as may be deemed necessary or desirable; may sue and be sued; may have and use a common seal; may make such by-laws for the regulation and government of said cor- poration in any and all matters whatsoever not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of this State, as may be deemed necessary; and may add to, alter, or amend the same, from time to time, as may be desired; and shall have generally all the rights, powers, and privileges in law, incident or appertaining to like corporations. Sec. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount, besides the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per centum of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due and whilst he remains a stockholder there- in, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other “fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of “the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 5. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he may own or repre- sent at all elections and all meetings of the Company; and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representa- tion by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such elections and meetings. 

Src. 6. The capital stock of the said corporation shall be deemed personal property; and the said corporation shall hav authority in its by-laws to make all such regulations as may be¢ t deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transfer of such stock, or for collecting and enforcing, by sale or otherwise, all subscriptions made thereto Src. 7. That said corporation shall be entitled to the benefits enumerated and contained, for the purposes specially mentioned, in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures approved December 20, 1873, for a term of ten years from the date of organization Sec. 8. That for the protection of the said factory, no person or persons shall be allowed to sell, or offer for sale, any spiritu- ous or malt liquors within three miles thereof without the limits of any incorporated town; that any violation of this Section of this Act shall be deemed a misdemeanor, and any one upon con- viction thereof in a Court of competent jurisdiction, shall be punished by a fine of not more than one hundred dollars, or im- prisonment-in the County jail for not more than six months, or both, for each and every offence, at the discretion of the Court Sec. 9. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of thirty years, and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meeting next thereafter. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE REOPENING OF THE SoutTH Caro- LINA Minirary ACADEMY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Board of Visitors of the South Carolina Military Academy be and they are hereby authorized, so soon as possession can be 

obtained of the buildings of the Academy, to reopen the said Academy for the free education and maintenance of as many bene- ficiary cadets as the appropriation herein made will allow, and the said Board of Visitors may also receive any pay cadets without expense to the State. Src. 2. The number of Beneficiary Cadets to be admitted, as provided in the foregoing Section, shall consist of two from each County in the State.. But in case the number so authorized shall fail to attend from any County, the deficiency may be sup- plied from the Counties having the largest population: Provided, however, That the provisions of this Section shall be of force only for the period of two years after the reopening of the Academy, after which time the said Beneficiary Cadets shall be appointed among the Counties of the State in proportion to representation in the House of Representatives. And the said Beneticiary Cadets shall be required to teach after graduation for two years in the free public schools of the County from which they respectively received their appointment in the said Academy. Sec. 3. The sum of ten thousand dollars, if so much. be neces- sary, be, and is hereby, appropriated to repair the said buildings, and to purchase the necessary outfit to start the Academy: Provided, That no part of this amount shall be paid until posses- sion of the Academy is secured. And the further sum of five thousand dollars be, and is hereby, appropriated for the support of the Academy during the current year: Provided, That no part of this amount shall be paid until the Academy is reopened. The above appropriated amounts shall be paid by warrant of the Comptroller General issued on requisition of the Chairman of the Board of Visitors. Sec. 4. The amount which may be received by the State for the rent of the Citadel builings, and for damages for the destruc- tion of the west wing thereof, shall, when collected, and all the expenses of said collection be paid therefrom, be paid into the trea- sury of the State, to be held subject to the purposes of the said Academy, as may hereafter, from time to time, be determined by the General Assembly. But in case of such collection, the sums appropriated in the preceding Section shall be repaid from such collections into the State treasury, to be applied to the general purposes of the State government. That the said South Caro- lina Military Academy shall be deemed and taken to be a branch of the South Carolina University, constituting the military 

school thereof, to be subject however to the sole control and supervision of the said Board of Visitors. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 3l1st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——_— AN ACT To aAvuTHORIZE THE CouNTY Com MISsIONERS OF ORANGE- BURG CouNTY TO LEVY AND COLLECT A SPECIAL TAX FOR THE PURPOSE OF ERECTING AND MAINTAINING 4 CERTAIN FENCE IN SAID CouNTY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Orangeburg County be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed to levy and collect a special tax of so many mills upon the dollar as may be necessary to raise the q amount of seventeen hundred dollars ($1,700) of all taxable prop- } erty in said County, and included within certain boundaries particularly specified in an Act entitled “An Act to extend the provisions of Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, of an Act entitled ‘An Act to authorize County Commissioners to submit to the quali- fied electors of their several Counties a proposition to alter the fence laws and to provide for effectuating the same,’” approved June 7, 1877, together with all amendments to said Act, to a certain portion of Orangeburg County, approved December 24, 1880, the said tax to be devoted exclusively to the erecting and maintaining of the fence enclosing the portion of said County in the said Act described. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. ee Sa ak ayavaya 

AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND REQUIRE THE County CoMMISSIONERS oF RICHLAND COUNTY AND THE COUNTY COMMISSIONERS OF FairFIELD CoUNTY TO OPEN A PUBLIC HIGHWAY TO RUN THROUGH A PORTION OF EACH OF SAID CouNTIEs. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Fairfield County be, and they are hereby, - authorized and required to open a public highway, beginning at the plantation of Henry Heins, on the line between the Counties Kershaw and Fairfield, and running thence, through Fairfield County, to the line between the Counties Richland and Fairfield, at a point known as Hard Scrabble; and the County Commis- sioners of Richland County be, and they are hereby, required to open a public highway from the said last méntioned point, through Richland County, to the Columbia and Mickle Ferry road, at a point known as Morrell’s Cut, in Richland County. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, ‘Governor. AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL TO MAKE A COMPOSITION WITH THE SURETIES OF SAMUEL PLACE, LATE THE TREASURER OF KersHaw County. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Comp- troller General be, and he is hereby, invested with full power and authority to compromise the action now pending between the State and the sureties upon the bond of Samuel Place, de- ceased, late Treasurer of Kershaw County, upon such terms, as in his judgment, and under the advice of the Solicitor of the 

Fifth Circuit, may be most advantageous to the interests of th State. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of J anuary, one thou sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. -J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ry _— AN ACT To IncoRPORATE THE SHELBY AND Broap River Nar Row GAuGE RaILRoAD CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That J. A. Deal, J. G. Black, M. L. Ross, Ira Harden, G. M. Moore C. M. Green, William Anderson, Joseph Black, J. W. Thomson, D. C. McKinney, W. 8S. Wilkerson, J. N. McDill, T. B. White sides, R. R. Darwin, Jefferson Smith, and G. C. Leech, and thei associates and successors, are hereby constituted a body politic and corporate by the name of the “Shelby and Broad Rive Narrow Gauge Railroad Company,” and shall have a corporate existence for thirty years. Sec. 2. That the said Company is hereby authorized to con: struct a railroad from a point on the North Carolina line be tween the town of Shelby, of said State, and Black Station or Whitaker, in York County, South Carolina, by way of Black Station or Whitaker and Hickory Grove, in said County, to Al ston, South Carolina, by such route as shall be found most suita ble and advantageous, the precise line and location to be deter- mined upon by the incorporators after the necessary surveys shall have been made. Sec. 3. That the capital stock of said Company shall be five hundred thousand ($500,000) dollars: Provided, Said Company shall have the right to organize as soon as twenty thousand ($20,000) dollars thereof have been subscribed: And provided further, Said Company shall have the privilege of increasing such capital stock to such an amount as may be found necessary to construct and equip the said railroad, said amount not to ex- ceed two millions of dollars. 

Src. 4. The said capital stock shall be divided into shares of fifty dollars each; and for the purpose of raising said capital e stock it shall be lawful to open books of subscription at such time and places, to keep them open for such periods of time under the directions of such persons, as may be determined on by a majority of said incorporators That subscriptions may be made in labor, materials, lands, or money, at such rates and on such terms as may be agreed upon at the time of subscrip- tion, and that all amounts so subscribed either in labor, ma- terial, lands, or money, shall constitute the joint stock capital for the purpose of constructing and carrying into operation the railroad provided for by this Act; and the said Railroa@ Com- , pany shall have power to mortgage its property and franchises and to issue bonds on such terms and conditions, and for such uses and purposes of said corporation as the Board of Directors thereof may deem expedient. Sec. 5. That the said Shelby and Broad River Narrow Gauge - Railroad Company may at any time during the existence of this charter effect a consolidation with any other Railroad Company forming a continuous line with its own, according to the pro- visions “of Section 6 to 14 inclusive of Ch apter LXV. of the Gen- eral Statutes. Sec. 6. That the said Railroad Company shall be subject to }-the provisions of an Act of General Assembly of South Caro- lina, passed September 22, 1868, entitled “An Act to declare the manner by which lands or right of way over the lands of per- sons or corporations may be taken for the construction or use of railways and other internal improvements Provided, however. That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to ex- empt the Company from payment of taxes Sec. 7. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereofin any amount (beside the value of his share or shares therein) not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made Pro- vided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst be remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a -share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value 

of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trus- tee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker Hiouse of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD. Governor. —n AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE INTRODUCTION or Gas AND Exxc- tric Ligut 1NTO THE FireE-PROOF BUILDING aT CHARLESTON. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Thaty the County Commissioners for the County of Charleston be au- thorized to introduce illuminating gas and electric light, or either of them, into the Fire-proot Building in the city of Charleston, i for the lighting of the offices of the various County officers of said County now having their offices in said Building. Sec. 2. That all Acts or part of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. e In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of J anuary, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——— AN ACT to AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED ‘AN ACT TO AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO ALTER AND AMEND AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF Marion, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES THEREIN MEN- TIONED,” ’” SO AS TO EXTEND THE LIMITS OF SAID TOWN FROM ONE-HALF TO THREE-QUARTERS OF A MILE. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General 

Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section second of an Act entitled “An Act to amend an Act entitled ‘An Act to amend an Act entitled “An Act to alter and amend an Act to incorporate the town of Marion, and for other pur- poses therein mentioned,”’” shall be amended in the fourth line thereof, by striking out the words “one-half” and inserting in lieu thereof the words “three-quarters,” so that the said Sec- tion, when thus amended, shall read as follows “That the said persons shall, from and after the passage of this Act, become a body politic and corporate, and shall be known and called by the name of the town of Marion ; and its corporate limits shall extend three-quarters of a mile in the direction of the cardinal points from the Court House as a centre and form a square In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-towo: J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To INGORPORATE THE BLACKSTOCK AND Rocxy Movunt Narrow Gauce Rartroap ComPANy. Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That L S. Douglass, J. E. Johnston, G. L. Kennedy, William Douglass, KE. D. Mobley, James Jones, Daniel Hall, Sr., James A. McCrorey, Daniel McCullough, William Hall, their associates and succes- sors, be, and are hereby, constituted a body politic and corpo- -rate by the name and style of the Blackstock and Rocky Mount Narrow Gauge Railroad Company. Sec. 2. That the said company is hereby authorized to con- ,struct a narrow gauge railroad from the town of Blackstock through the Counties of Chester and Fairfield, thence to such point in the direction of Rocky Mount, on the Catawba River. as may be determined upon, with the right to cross the said river or other railroads; and such Company shall have power to «receive, possess, own, and transfer real and personal property, to have a common seal; and:to pass such by-laws not -inconsis- 

tent with the laws of this State as may be necessary to carry out the object of the corporation; may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, and shall have and enjoy all the rights and privileges of other like corporate bodies under the Jaws of this State, and shall have the same exclusive right of transportation on their road and branches which is enjoyed by any other rail- road in this State Src. 3. That said Company may also own, lease, or charter such wharves, steamers, vessels, or other water craft as may bed necessary to conduct a general freighting and passenger business, y and may also run such branches from its main track to the dis- tance of twenty miles, either wooden or iron rails, in such direc- tion as it may deem proper, Sec. 4. That for the purpose of creating the capital stock of said Company, which shall not exceed one million dollars, the, corporators in the first Section named, or any six of them, shall as soon after the passage of this Act as may be convenient, ap- point such commissioners to open books of subscription at such time and places and under such rules as they may prescribe The capital stock of said Company shall be divided into shares of twenty-five dollars each, and the subscription thereto may be received payablein money, bonds, or other valuable credits, lands, labor, or material necessary in the construction of said road, in such manner, and on such terms, as may be agreed upon be- tween said Company and such subscribers Sec. 5. That whenever the sum of ten thousand dollars shall have been subscribed to the capital stock of said Company it shall be the duty of the said corporators, or any six of them, to call a meeting of the stockholders, after giving such notice as to them shall seem sufficient, and at such times and places as they shall determine, and at all general meetings of said stockholders a majority of all the stock subscribed shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business And said stockholders when so met in general meeting shall have power to elect a President and Directors of said Company, whose term of office shall be for one year, and until others are chosen. Src. 6. That it shall be lawful for any incorporated towns of this State through which said railroad may pass, to subscribe to the capital stock of said Company such sum, and to be payable in such manner, as the voters of such town shall dcter- mine upon, at an election to be ordered by the Town Council thereof: Provided, Said Company shall be willing to receive such subscription; and in all meetings of stockholders the Coun- 

cil of the town subscribing shall appoint some person to repre- sent the stock thereof. Src. 7. That no stockholder of said Company shall be held liable for the debts, contracts, or acts of said corporation, beyond ten per centum of the amount actually subscribed to the capital stock of said Company by such stockholder, in addition to the sum subscribed for such capital stock. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou-” sand eight hundred and eigmiytmie, J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT FoR THE ASCERTAINMENT AND SETTLEMENT OF THE BACK INDEBTEDNESS OF THE Pusiic ScHooLs oF AIKEN County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South, Carolina. now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of eleven hundred and thirty-seven 51-100 dollars now in the hands of the County Treasurer of Aiken County, and col- lected by said Treasurer from certain Railroads for school taxes fduring the years 1877, 1878, and 1879, be, and the same is hereby, declared and appropriated as a special fund for the set- tlement of the back indebtedness of the public schools of Aiken County. Sec. 2. That the said County Treasurer of Aiken County be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to apply said funds, so collected, and in hand, as aforesaid, to the settlement and payment of the back indebtedness of the public schools of Aiken County, irrespective of the years in which said indebtedness may have arisen, the amount thereof, as reported by the School Commissioner of said County, being eleven hundred and fifteen 69-100 dollars, in which said amount is included the sum of two hundred and twenty-four 33-100 dollars for certain certificates, rejected under Act No. 516, Sec. 44, A. A. 1877~78, but the honesty and good faith of which, have been recognized by the 

County Board of Examiners, and which said certificates ure hereby directed to be paid. Src. 3. That said certificates, when so paid by the Treasurer, shall be his sufficient vouchers when settling with the Auditor for said fund. Sec. 4. That this Act shall t ake effect immediately upon its passage. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Brepnesiemtativen: Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT ro PROVIDE FOR THE PREPARATION OF ROLLS OF TROOPS FURNISHED BY THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA TO THE ARMY OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES AND OF THE MILITIA OF THE STATE IN ACTIVE SERVICE DURING THE WAR BETWEEN THE CONFEDERATE AND UNITED STATES. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be the duty of the Adjutant and Inspector General to collect the names of all persons of this State who served in the army of the Confederate States or in the militia of the State in active service during the war between the Confederate and United States, and to prepare rolls of the same, corresponding as near as may be to the usual form of muster rolls in military service, and stating, as far as can now be ascertained, the name, age, place of enlistment, company, and regiment, or battalion, battery, or squadron, to which each such person belonged, or position held by same as general or staff officer, with statement also as to wound or wounds, when and where received, impris- onment, death, discharge, or surrender of such person at the end of the said war, and any other particulars in regard to any such persons which in his judgment should be recorded. ' Sec. 2. That the said Adjutant and Inspector General shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, a brief history or sketch of each and every regiment, battalion, battery, or squadron of; 

said troops furnished by this State to the army of the Confed- erate States or of the militia of the State in active service dur- ing the said war, giving the names of the battles, sieges, or affairs in which each such body was engaged. Sec. 3. That the sum of two thousand dollars be, and the .same is hereby, appropriated for the said work, of which the said Adjutant and Inspector General shall receive five hundred dollars for his extra services therein, and the balance, fifteen hundred dollars, if so much be necessary, be applied for station- ery, printing, clerk hire, and postage in connection with the said work. Src. 4. That the said rolls, when so prepared, shall be tran- scribed or printed into permanent book form and kept in the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, and such rolls shall be filed in the office of the Secretary of State and be pre- served with the records of the said office. In the Senate ‘House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —— AN ACT To REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE VILLAGE oF Lirtne Rock 1n tHE County or Marion, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES THEREIN MENTIONED,” APPROVED MARCH 9, 1872. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- - sembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the village of Little Rock in the County of Marion, and for other purposes therein mentioned,” approved March 9, 1872, be, and the same is hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 18 OTN 82. OOT) Oo 

AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE AND REQUIRE THE County CoMmMIS- SIONERS OF EDGEFIELD AND AIKEN COUNTIES TO OPEN AND KEEP IN REPAIR A PUBLIC ROAD LEADING FROM RIDGE SPRINGS IN EDGEFIELD CouUNTY AND INTERSECTING THE AIKEN Roap NEAR SEIGLER’s MILL, IN AIKEN CounrTY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Edgefield and Aiken Counties be, and they. are hereby, authorized and required to establish, keep open and in good repair a public road commencing at Ridge Springs, on the Charlotte, Columbia and Augusta Railroad, in Edgefield County, running thence by the most direct practicable route to cross Edisto River, at Moyer’s Bridge, thence to intersect the Aiken Road at or near Seigler’s Mill in Aiken County. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT to AMEND SECTION FOUR OF AN ACT ENTITLED “AN AcT TO FURTHER REGULATE THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS IN THIS STATE,” APPROVED DECEMBER 24, 1880, 80 AS TO PROVIDE FOR THE FURTHER ENFORCEMENT OF THE SAID ACT. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now ‘met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 4 of the Act entitled “An Act to further regulate the sale of intoxi- cating liquors in this State,” approved December 24, 1880, be, and the same is hereby, amended by adding thereto the follow- ing: Provided, That one-half of all fines imposed and collected on any conviction under this Act, shall be paid to the officer or 4 person detecting and reporting violations thereof, on the warrant of the County Commissioners of the County in which such con- viction shall be had, if claimed by such person, with a certificate of the Solictor or Clerk of the Court that he is entitled to the 13 A&R 

same; the other half of said fines, and any sums not claimed as above provided, to be held by the Treasurer of sueh County for the use of the County,” so that the said Section shall read as tol- lows: “Section 4. That any person violating any of tbe provisions of this Act shall upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of not less than two hundred dollars, or imprisoned for a term of not less than six months, or both fined and imprisoned in the dis- cretion of the Court trying the same: Provided, That one-half 0! pall fines imposed and collected on any conviction under this Act shall be paid to the officer or person detecting and reporting violations thereof, on the warrant of the County Commissioner of the County in which such conviction shall be had, if. claimed by such person, with the certificate of the Solicitor and Clerk «1 the Court that he is entitled to the same; the other half of’ sail fines and any sums not claimed as above provided, to be held Lv the Treasurer of such County for the use of the County. The County Commissioners of each County are specially charged with the duty of obtaining information as to the violation of any of the provisions of this Act, and with the duty of insti- tuting prosecutions therefor.” q In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one theu- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 3lst, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— eo AN ACT vo RE-CHARTER GJVEHAM’s FERRY ACROSS THE Episto River 1N CoLLETON COUNTY, AND TO VEST THE SAME IN GEORGE M. Rumpu, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS, FOR THE TERM OF SEVES YEARS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repr- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sittin: in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Thats publie ferry, known as Giveham’s Ferry, to reach across tl Edisto River in Colleton County, is hereby re-chartered, am vested in George M. Rumph, his heirs and assigns, for the tern of seven years. 

Src That the following rates of toll be charged, and no more: For every four horse carriage or vehicle, seventy-five 75) cents; for every three horse carriage or vehicle, sixty (60) cents; for every two horse carriage or vehicle, fifty (50) cents for every one horse carriage or vehicle, twenty (20) cents for every horse and rider, ten (10) cents for every foot passenge ve (5) cents; for every head of horses, mules, cattle, shecp, goats hogs, five (5) cents: Provided, That children going to and return- ing from school, and voters going to and returning from elections, militia going to and returning from musters, and clergymen, be passed free of toll. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved January 3l1st, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To rE-cHARTER ASHEPOO FERRY ACROSS THE ASHEPOO RIver, IN CoLLeETON CouUNTY, AND TO VEST THE SAME IN C. P. CHISHOLM, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS, FOR FOURTEE YEARS Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate und House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the ferry known as Ashepoo Ferry across the Ashepoo River. in Colleton County, be, and the same is hereby, re-chartered and vested in C. P. Chisholm, his heirs and assigns, for the term of fourteen years Sec. 2. That the following rates of toll be charged, and no more: For every four-horse carriage or vehicle, sixty (60) cents for every threc-borse carriage or vehicle, fifty (50) cents; for every two-horse carriage or vehicle, forty (40) cents; for every one-horse carriage or vehicle, twenty (20) cents; for every single horse and rider, ten (10) cents for every foot passenger. five (5) cents; for every head of horses, mules, cattle, sheep, goats, hogs, five (5) cents Provided, That children going to and returning from school, and voters going to and returning 

from elections, militia going to and returning from muster: and clergymen, be passed free of toll. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of fits Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governer. , AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE CAMDEN CoTTon Factory (oy PANY. Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repr sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sittit. in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Th F.L. Zemp, W. L. Arthur, L. L. Clyburn, C. Noelken, J. 1. Brasington, W. A. Ancrum, H. G. Carrison, A. W. Lamar. ar. F. P. Beard, and such as now are, or hereafter may be, associat-. with them, their successors and assigns, be, and they are herc!; constituted a body corporate and politic, by the name and st: of the Camden Cotton Factory Company, for the purpose manufacturing, dyeing, printing, and finishing all goods a textiles made of cotton or wool, or of which cotton or ott: fibrous articles may form a part, and for making cotton seed. for grinding wheat. corn, and other grain, sawing lumber. « for the transaction of all such business as may be connect: therewith, and may erect such mills, buildings, machine shin} and other works as may be required or necessary to ca” on such branches of manufacture and business; and may mek and procure such machinery, tools, and implements as may | required or necessary for the same; and they shall have pow to raise by subscription, in shares of one hundred dollars ci a capital of seventy-five thousand dollars, with the privilese increasing the said subscription to a capital of one hundred fifty thousand dollars; the consent of the majority of the Din tors of the said Company being first had and obtained ber: said increase of’ capital is made. 

Sec. 2. That the said corporation may purchase and hold such real estate as they may think necessary for their purposes, and such as they may deem it for their interest to take in the settle- ment of any debts due to them, and may dispose of the same ; and may sue and be sued in all courts of law and equity, have and use a common seal, and make such by-laws and regulations for their government as they may deem necessary and proper, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of this State; and shall have generally, all the rights, powers, and privileges in law incident or appertaining to corporations. Sec 3. That said corporation shall not go into operation until the sum of thirty-five thousand dollars is subscribed to the capital stock, ten per cent. of which shall have been paid in cash, which subscription and payment shall be certified under! oath of the President and Treasurer of the said corporation, which shall be recorded in the office of the Secretary of State, and published in at least two newspapers in the State—one in the town of Camden, and one in the city of Charleston; and when these requirements are complied with, the said corporation is authorized to commence operations under this Act, and to call for the payment of all subsequent assessments upon the stock subscribed, in such sums and at such times as the Presi- dent and a majority of the Directors of the said corporation may determine. Sec. 4. That the capital stock shall be deemed personal property, and transferable on the books of said corporation; and no part of the capital stock shall at any time, or upon any pretence ¢ whatever, be loaned or divided among the stockholders until all the liabilities of the Company are lawfully paid; and no divi- dends shall be declared except from the net earnings of the Com- pany. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share he may own or represent, at the election of President and Direc- tors, and at all meetings of the Company. Sec. 5. That if the proprietor of any share shall neglect to pay the instalments assessed thereon for the space of thirty days after the time appointed for the payment thereof, the Treasurer of the corporation may, by order of the President and a majority of the Directors, sell at public auction such number of delinquent shares as may be necessary to pay such assessment and ex- penses of such sale: Provided, That such sale be advertised for three weeks successively in some newspaper published in the town of Camden, or in the County of Kershaw; and a bill of 

sale by the President of said corporation shall transfer such shares to the purchaser, and entitle him to a certificate thereot Provided, further, That nothing herein shall prevent the collec- tion of the instalments by action at law Src. 6. No stockholder of said Company shall be held liable . for the debts, contracts, and acts of said corporation beyond the amount of stock (and ten per cent. on such stock) actually sub- scribed by such stockholder. Src. 7. That the said corporation shall be entitled to all the rights and privileges extended to individuals, and associations of individuals, and of the same release from taxes for ten years as is allowed and permitted in accordance with the provisions of an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures,” approved December 20th, 1873; only for the purposes specifi- cally mentioned therein Sec. 8. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of thirty years and until the next meeting of the General Assembly thereafter one In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved Jatuary 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_— - AN ACT To CHARTER THE WATEREE BRIDGE CoMPANY, AND TO AUTHORIZE SAID COMPANY TO CONSTRUCT A TOLL BRIDGE OVER WatrEeREE RIVER, AND TO OPEN A HIGHWAY TO AND FROM SAID BRIDGE Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That F.L. Zemp, W. L. Arthur, H. Baum, 8. B. Lathram, D. W. Jor- dan, H. G. Carrison, V. 8. Jordan, C. J. Dunlap, John Burdell 8. A. Arnstein, and T. W. Lang, their associates, successors, and assigns, be, and the same are hereby, created a body politic and corporate under the name and style of the “Wateree Bridge Company 

SEc That the capital stock of said company shall not be less than five thousand nor more than thirty thousand dollars and shall be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each Sec. 3. That such corporation shall have perpetual succession of members, may have a common seal, may sue and be sued plead and be impleaded in any court of law or equity in this State; and may make all such regulations, rules, and by-laws, as are necessary for the government of the corporation, or for effecting the object of it, as expressed in this Act: Provided. Such regulations, rules, and by-laws, shall not be repugnant to the laws or Constitution of this State or the United States Sec. 4. That such corporation shall have power to purchase, have, and hold in fee, or for years, any real estate that may be necessary for the accomplishment of the objects expressed in this Act: Provided, The value thereof shall not exceed one-tenth of its capital stock; and shall have power to sell, convey, or ex- change the same Sec. 5. That the business of said corporation shall be conducted by a Board of seven Directors, to be chosen by the stockholders which said Directors shall choose a President from their num- ber, which said Directors shall have the powers, and perform the duties given by law in the case of similar corporations Sec. 6. That said company is authorized to construct a bridge across the Wateree River in Kershaw County, at some conven- ient point between two and four miles above the site of the present Camden Ferry, and to collect such tolls as are, or may be, fixed by law, from all who may use said bridge for any . purpose Sec. 7. That said company is aufhorized and empowered to open and declare public a highway to and from said bridge by 4 the nearest and most practicable route from the Chesnut’s Ferry Road to the river, and from the river to the Longtown Road, and for the purpose of opening said highway, and con- structing said bridge, the said company shall have the same powers and privileges, and be subject to the same liabilities as are granted to, and imposed upon, chartered corporations or private persons, by law in acquiring the right of way over the lands of other persons. Sec. 8. That said company shall bave and enjoy all the rights, privileges, and franchises, and be subject to all the rules and regulations, as are provided by law in the case of similar corpor- ations, not inconsistent with the terms of this Act 

Sec. 9. That this Act shall be taken and deemed to be a public Act. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved January 31st, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_——- AN ACT To-REQUIRE ALL PERSONS WHO NOW ARE OR MAY TRAFFIC OF SEED COTTON HEREAFTER BE ENGAGED IN THE AND UNPACKED LINT COTTON TO KEEP A RECORD OF THE NAME AND PLACE OF RESIDENCE OF THE PARTY FROM WHOM THEY PURCHASE, WITH THE AMOUNT AND DATE OF PURCHASE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Gen- eral Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all per- sons who now are or may hereafter become engaged in the ' traffic in seed cotton and unpacked lint cotton, be, and they are hereby, required to keep legibly written in a book, which shall be open to public inspection, the name and place of residence of the person or persons from whom they purchase, or receive by way of barter, exchange, or traffic of any sort, any seed cotton or unpacked lint cotton, with the number of pounds and date of purchase. Src. 2. That any person who shall fail or refuse to keep the book in the form and manner prescribed in the above Section, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon the convic- tion thereof shall be fined in a sunr not less than ten dollars nor more than one hundred dollars, or by imprisonment for not less than five nor more than thirty days. In the Senate House, the thirtieth day of January, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. D. 1882. Approved J anuary 31st, = =m ON OC) 1) DO 

AN ACT to cHARTER THE Evtaw PHosPHATE COMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Joseph R. Robertson, Frank E. Taylor, Henry C. Robertson, George Lamb Buist, together with such persons who are or may hereafter become stockholders, be, and the same are hereby, de- clared a body politic and corporate, under the name of the Eutaw Phosphate Company. Sec. 2. That the stock of the said company shall consist of one thousand shares of one hundred dollars each. Sec. 3. That the said company shall have power from time to time to increase their capital stock to any amount not exceed- ing three hundred thousand dollars, including their original capital stock, whenever a majority of the stockholders present at any general meeting, or the Board of: Directors by their au- thority, shall determine. And such additional stock shall be divided among the stockholders exactly in proportion to their shares in the capital stock of the company at the time of such increase. But in case any stockholder should not desire to take, or should neglect for one month to take, his or her pro- portion of such stock, the same shall be allotted or disposed of among the other stockholders, and books may be opened for the purpose of obtaining additional subscribers to such increased stock, in such manner as the Board of Directors may deem ex- pedient ; and in no case shall the members who are unwilling to take their proportion in such increase of stock be assessed to contribute or to make up such increase. Sec. 4. Whenever any such increase of capital shall have been made as aforesaid, the President and Treasurer shall make | affidavit of the fact and file the same in the office of the Secre- tary of State, and make publication thereof once a week for three consecutive weeks in a newspaper in the city of Charles- ton, which shall be legal notice to all persons dealing with said corporation. Sec. 5. The said company shall have succession of officers and members, to be chosen according to the rules and by-laws made or to be made for their government and direction, and shall have power and authority to make by-laws not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to break and alter at will; to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in any court of law and equity; to pur- 

chase, take, hold, sell, and convey, in fee simple or for less es- tate, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, rights, and credits, which may be connected with, or in any manner conducive to, the purposes for which said company is established; to dig and mine for earths, rocks, marl, and minerals, to manufacture the same and such other materials as they may pur- chase or acquire, into chemicals, acids, and fertilizers; to carry on trade therein, and to cultivate such lands as may be purchased or acquired by the said company for the purposes aforesaid. Src. 6. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof, in an amount, besides the par value of his share or shares therein, not exceed- ing five per centum of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Pro- vided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockhold- ers liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stock- holders therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided further, That no person hold- ing a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the “value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, or trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Src. 7. That any Director or other officer, or stockholder of the said corporation, who shall knowingly and wilfully make, .or cause to be made, any fraudulent misrepresentation or misrep- resentations as to either the capital, property, or resources of said corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and _upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine of not more than two thousand dollars, or imprisonment for riot longer than two (2) years, or both, at the discretion of the Court. Sec. 8. The said company is hereby authorized to construct tand maintain a railroad or tramway from the navigable waters on which their works are situate, to the Northeastern and South Carolina Railroads, and for that purpose to lay their track along and across any public way: Provided, That such precautions are taken as to offer no hindrance to the public use of such way: Provided further, That no steam engine be used on said railroad or tramway. Sec. 9, That this charter shall remain in force for . thirty years after the passage of this Act, and until the end of the next ensuing session of the General Assembly: Provided, That 

on the expiration or dissolution of the said corporation, the property thereof shall be vested in the several members of the said corporation in proportion to their respective shares in the capital stock, after payment of all the debts of the said corpo- ration. Sec. 10. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. er AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE FLORENCE RAILROAD CoMPANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of _Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the purpose of building a railroad, with one or more tracks, from Florence, or a point in Darlington County, to a point on the North Carolina State line, between the Great Pee Dee River and Lumber River, A. F. Ravenel, L. D. Mowry, T. D. Jervey, 8. S. Solomons, T. G. Barker, J. F. Devine, W. R. Hines, their associates, successors, and assigns, are hereby created a body politic and corporate under the name of the “Florence Railroad Company,” and by such title shall have a corporate existence for the term of twenty-one years, and may sue and be sued. plead and be impleaded, in all Courts of the State, and may have and use a common seal, which: it may change or alter at pleasure, and shall be capable of holding, purchasing, using, leasing, and conveying estate, real, personal, and mixed, and other property, and of acquiring the same by gift or demise, and may make all necessary by-laws and regulations for its government not incon- sistent with the Constitution and laws of this State and of the United States. Sec. 2. That the said company be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to construct, maintain, and opcrate a railroad of one or more tracks, from Florence, or a point in Darlington County within five miles of the town of Florence, to a point on 

the North Carolina State line, between the Great Pee Dee River pnd Lumber River, the particular route to be determined by he company, which shall also have a like authority to build a branch road in Marion or Marlboro Counties, as may be de- ermined by the said Florence Railroad Company. Src. 3. That the capital stock of the said company shall be five hundred thousand dollars, in shares of one hundred dollars leach, with the privilege of increasing the said capital stock to such an amount as may be found necessary for the construction land equipping of the said railroad and any branch road thereof, said amount not to exceed two million dollars. That the shares shall be personal property, transferable in such manner as the by-laws of the company may direct. That for the raising of such capital stock, it shall be lawful for the aforementioned cor- porators, or a majority of them, to open books of subscription at such times and places, and under the direction of such per- sons, a8 the corporators, or a majority of them, may appoint. That subscriptions to the capital stock may be made in money, land, bonds, materials, or work, at such rates, and on such terms, as may be agreed upon at the time of subscribing; and when one hundred thousand dollars shall have been subscribed in good and solvent subscriptions, and ten per cent. of the same shall have been paid up, the corporators aforementioned, or a majority of them, shall call together the subscribers to the said stock, who shall then elect not more than ten, and not less than five, Directors, who in turn shall elect one of their number to act as President. Src. 4. That the said President and Directors shall have the management of the said Company for one year or until their successors may be elected. They shall appoint all necessary officers for the proper administration of the business of the said Company, and shall make such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they may deem necessary, and not inconsistent with the laws of the State and of the United States. They shall also take such action as they may deem proper for the construction and equipping of the said railroad or any branch road thereof under the authority of this Act. Src. 5. The said Company may, at any time, reopen the books of subscription to its capital stock as it may deem proper, and may mortgage all or any portion of its property and issue | bonds or other obligations for the construction and equipping of the said railroad and any branch road thereof. Sec. 6. That the said Company is hereby authorized and em- 

powered to merge and to consolidate its capital stock, estate, real, personal, and mixed, with its franchises, rights, privileges, and property into and with the capital stock, estate real, per- sonal, and mixed, rights, franchises, privileges, and property of any other railroad company or companics, and when so merged and consolidated shall and may form a continuous line of rail- road with each other, and said consolidation may be effected on such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon: Provided, Such terms and conditions be not inconsistent with the laws of this State. Sec. 7. That railroad companies and other incorporations, are hereby authorized and empowered to subscribe to the capital stock of the said Florence Railroad Company in the same man- ner and with all the rights, powers, and privileges, as indi- viduals. Sec. 8. That the said Railroad Company shall be subject to the provisions of an Act of the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina, passed September 22d, 1868, entitled “An Act to declare the manner by which land or right of way over the land of persons or corporations may be taken for the construc- tion and uses of railways and other works of internal improve- ment:” Provided, however, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to exempt the said Company from taxation. Sec. 9. The said corporation shall begin work within two years, and complete the road within six years. i Sec. 10. That this Act shall go into effect on and after its passage, and be deemed a public Act and continue in force until amended, repealed, or shall expire by its own limitation. In the Senate House. the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor, ——— AN ACT 1To REGULATE THE MANNER OF PAYING THE INTEREST UP- ON THE STATE DEBT, AND THE WARRANTS OF THE CoMPTROL- LER GENERAL BY THE STATE TREASURER. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the State Treasurer be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed ly to pay the semi-annual interest upon all recognized Brown Con- sol or Deficiency Stock of this State, in manner following, that -is to say: To every person or persons in whose names certifi- cates for such stock are held, whose Post Office address is fur- nished to the said State Treasurer, or which he is able to obtain, he shall send by mail, at least two days before the first days of January and July respectively, in+each and every year, checks drawn payable to the order of such person or persons, as the case may be, for the amount of interest due to him or them respectively. Such checks shall be payable at some bank or other financial agency, either in Columbia, Charleston, or other financial point, to be selected by the said State Treasurer upon consultation with the Governor and Comptroller General, according as either of the said cities or other financial points, may be nearest to the Post- Office address of such person or persons, to-whom such checks may be sent. And such checks, when returned to the Treasurer duly endorsed by the person or persons to whom the same were made payable, shall be taken and considered as a sufficient and absolute voucher and receipt in his hands for the payment of the amount of interest specified therein. Sec. 2. In case any check or checks mailed in accordance with ,the provisions of the foregoing Section shall be lost and shall fail to reach the person or persons to whom the same has been mailed, the State Treasurer shall, upon satisfactory proof to him of the fact of such loss, and upon receiving a bond of indemnity, with sufficient surety, in an amount double the sum for which said check was drawn, said bond to be also approved by the At- torney General, issuc to the said person or persons his duplicate check for the sum for which the original check was drawn, which duplicate check shall state upon its face that it is a dupli- cate, and that it is payable only in case the original check is unpaid. And such duplicate check, duly endorsed, shall be as sufficient a voucher in the hands of the Treasurer, the original being unpaid, as the original check would have been. Sec. 3. To facilitate the payment of interest in the manner above prescribed, the State Treasurer is hereby authorized to close the books of transfer of said stock for thirty days prior to the first days of July and January in each and every year, dur- ing which period no changes or transfers of such stock will be allowed. Sec. 4. That hereafter no receipt or voucher need be taken 

by the State Treasurer upon the payment by him of any coupon or coupons of any recognized Brown Consol or Deficiency bond or bonds of the State of South Carolina, other than the delivery to the said State Treasurer of the coupon or coupons go paid; but the said coupon or coupons in the hands of the said State Treasurer shall be held and deemed as a sufficient voucher for the payment of the same. Sec. 5. That the provisions of the foregoing Section shall also apply to the payment by the State Treasurer of any warrant or warrants drawn upon him by the Comptroller General of this State in conformity to law; and the said warrant or warrants in the hands of the said State Treasurer, properly endorsed, shall be held and deemed a sufficient voucher for the payment of the same. Src. 6. That the State Treasurer be, and he is hereby, author- ized and directed to arrange for the payment at maturity of the coupons of recognized Brown Consol or Deficiency bond or bonds of this State in the City of Charleston in addition to the other places now fixed by law. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th,-A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _~-— AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE UNITED States ELEctRIC ILLUMINATING COMPANY OF CHARLESTON, SOUTH CAROLINA. Szction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the United States Electric Illuminating Company of Charleston, South Carolina, shall have power, from time to time, to increase their capital stock to any amount not exceeding one million dollars, including their present capital stock, whenever a ma- jority of the stockholders, present at any general meeting, or the Board of Directors, by their authority, shall determine. And such additional stock shall be divided among the stock- holders exactly in proportion to their shares in the capital stock 

of the Company at the time of such increase. But in case any stockholder shall not desire to take, or should neglect for one month to take his or her proportion of such stock, the same shall be allotted or disposed of among the other stockholders, and books may be opened for the purpose of obtaining addi- tional subscribers to such increased stock, in such manner as the Board of Directors may deem expedient. And in no case shall the members who are unwilling to take their proportion in such increase of stock be assessed to contribute or to make up such increase. Src. 2. The said Company shall have succession of officers and members, to be chosen according to the rules and by-laws made or to be made for their government and direction, and shall have power and authority to make by-laws, not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to break and alter at will; to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any court of law and equity; to purchase, take, hold, sell, and convey, in fee simple, or for less estate, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, rights, and credits, which may be connected with, or in any manner conducive to, the purposes for which said Company is established; to carry on and conduct the business of using electricity for any purposes, and of manufacturing light, heat, and power, or either or any or all of them, by electricity or any other agent or agents whatsoever, within the said State, and to the inhabitants thereof, for lighting and heating the strects, roads, lanes, alleys, avenues, and public grounds of the several cities, towns, and villages thereof, and for lighting the stores, manufactories, residences, and all other buildings therein, and steamboats, railroad cars, locomotives, or for other trans- portation, manufacturing, or industrial purposes, and for such purposes to erect or lay all necessary poles, pipes, and conduc- tors, subject to proper municipal ordinance and restriction, and the supplying of power to carry on and conduct the business of dealing in dynamo-electric machines, voltaic arc, and incandes- cent lamps, regulators, meters, and other apparatus, devices, and appliances which may be used or applied in producing light or power by electricity or in connection therewith; to issue bond or bonds of the Company, secured by mortgage or otherwise, in such amounts or manner as the said corporation may de- termine. Src. 3. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an 

amount, besides the loss of his stock in said corporation, not exceeding five per centum of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall hav ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no per- son holding a share or shares, as executor, administrator, trus- tee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, or trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity Sec. 4. That any Director, or other officer or stockholder, of the said corporation, who shall knowingly and wilfully make or cause to be made, any fraudulent misrepresentation or mis- representations as to either the capital, property, or resources of aid corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall ba punished by a fine of not more than two thousand ($2,000) dollars, or imprisonment for not Jonger than two (2) years, or both, at the discretion of the Court. Sec. 5. That this charter shall remain in force for thirty years after the passage of this Act, and until the end of the next ensu- ing session of the General Assembly : Provided, That on the ex- piration or dissolution of the said corporation, the property thereof shall be vested in the several members of said corpora- tion, in proportion to their respective shares in tho capital stock, utter payment of all the debts of the said corporation. SEc. . That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J.D. KENNEDY President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 14 A&JR 

AN ACT To RENEW AND AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE EBENEZER LutHERAN CHURCH OF COLUMBIA. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa- tives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of “the Ebenezer Lutheran Church of Columbia,” be, and the same is hereby, renewed and extended for the term of twenty- one years from the ratification of this Act, and that all acta done by the said corporation since the expiration of its charter in con- formity thereto, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, as good and valid to all intents and purposes as if the same had been done before the expiration of its charter. Sec. 2. That said corporation be empowered to retain, hold, and possess, all such property, real and personal, as it may now be possessed of, or in anywise entitled unto, or which shall here- after be given, bequeathed to, or in any way acquired, and to sell, alien, or in any way transfer the same, or any part thereof: Provided, The amount so held shall not exceed twenty thousand dollars. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_—. AN ACT 77 RaTAMLIRA A PUBLIC CAUSEWAY, IN COLLETON AND Hampton CouNTIES, ACROSS THE GREAT SALKAHATCHIE Swamp. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Colleton and Hampton Counties be, and they are hereby, authorized and required, immediately after the passage of this Act, to lay out, construct, and open a public causeway commencing at Toby’s Bluff, on the Colleton side, and stretching across the Great Salkahatchie Swamp to the most eligible point of highland on the Hampton side. 

Sec. 2. That in the construction of said causeway the Com- missioners aforesaid shall equally divide the labor and expense between the said Counties, and shall cause to be constructed and erected such bridges as they may deem necessary. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_———- AN ACT ro auLow Scuoot TRUSTEES FREE PASSAGE OVER ALL RESHISS AND BRIDGES WHEN ON OFFICIAL BUSINESS. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act School Trustees shall be allowed to cross all ferries and bridges free of charge, when they are travelling upon official business. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——— AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE SPARTANBURG AND SHELBY RaItL- ROAD COMPANY. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the purpose of establishing communication by railroad from the city of Spartanburg, South Carolina, to the town of Shelby, North Carolina, the formation of a corporate company is hereby authorized, to be called the Spartanburg and Shelby Railroad 

Company, which company, when formed in compliance with the conditions hereinafter prescribed, shall have corporate existence as a body politic in this State. Sec. 2. That said company is hereby authorized to construct a line of railroad from the city of Spartanburg, South Carolina, to the North Carolina State line, in the direction of Shelby, in said State, by a route to be determined by said company, after the same shall have been formed. Sec. 3. That for the purpose of raising the capital stock of said company, it shall be lawful to open books of subscription in the city and County of Spartanburg, under the direction of G. Cannon, E. 8S. Allen, J. H. Evins, D. R. Duncan, T. J. Moore, T. S. Farrow, C. E. Fleming, E. H. Bobo, and F. M. Trim- mier, as Commissioners, who shall receive subscriptions to the capital stock of said company, to an amount not exceeding $1,000,000, in shares of fifty dollars each, for the purpose of con- structing and carrying into operation the railroad aforesaid. That the times and places for receiving such subscriptions shall be fixed by the Commissioners or a majority of them. Sec. 4. That when the sum of fifty thousand dollars shall be subscribed for in the manner prescribed herein, the subscribers shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, incorporated into a company, by the name and style of the Spartanburg and Shelby Railroad Company, and may meet and organize the said company at such time and place as may be designated by a majority of the Commissioners aforesaid, after reasonable public notice of the same. Sec. 5. That at said meeting for organization, the stockholders shall proceed to elect a President and ten Directors, who shall continue in office until the next annual meeting after their elec- tion, and until their successors shall be elected and shall enter The President and six or more of the Direc- upon their duties. tors, or in the event of the sickness, inability, or absence of the President, any seven or more of the Directors, who, in such case, shall appoint one of their body President pro tempore, shall con- stitute a Board for the transaction of business. That there shall be an annual meeting of the stockholders of said company, of which due public notice shall be given for three weeks previous thereto, for the election of the President and Board of Directors, for hearing the report of the President and Board of Directors asto the affairs and condition of said company, and for the transaction of such business as may be deemed for the interest 

of said Company, not inconsistent with the provisions of this charter, and the law of the land. Src. 6. That the President and Directors shall, as soon after their election as practicable, adopt such by-laws for the govern- ment of said company as may seem right and proper, which shall govern the said Company when the same have been adopted by a majority of the stockholders thereof. Sec. 7. That at all annual meetings of the stockholders of said Company, there shall be present a majority of the stock of said Company represented either in person or by proxy, to constitute a lawful meeting of said Company. And each shareholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share held by him or her in the capital stock of said Company. Sec. 8. That the President and Directors of the said Company are hereby vested with all the rights and powers necessary for the construction, repair, and maintaining of a railroad on the route, to be designated by the stockholders of said Company. They may appointa Secretary and Treasurer, and other officers, and take from them bonds and security for the faithful perform- ance of their duty, which said bonds shall be made payable to the Company; but the salaries or other compensation shall be regulated by the stockholders in general meeting. Sec. 9. That when any lands or right of way may be required by the said Company for the purpose of constructing their road, and for want of agreement as to the value thereof, or from any other cause, the same cannot be purchased from the owner or owners, the same may be taken as at present provided by law in such cases. Sec. 10. That the State shall in no case be liable for any stocks, debts, or contracts of said Company: Provided, Said Com- pany shall always be subject to taxation as other property in this State. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. D. 1882. Approved February 4th, A. ON SCC) T) 

AN ACT avuTHoRIZING AND REQUIRING THE CouNTY ComMIs- SIONERS OF SUMTER COUNTY TO APPROPRIATE THE UNEX- PENDED BALANCE OF THE SUM LEVIED AND COLLECTED FOR THE BUILDING OF A COUNTY LINE FENCE TO THE PAYMENT OF THE PAST UNFUNDED INDEBTEDNESS OF SAID COUNTY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General } Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County y y Commissioners of Sumter County be, and they are hereby, au- “thorized and required to appropriate the unexpended balance of tthe sum levied and collected for the building of a County line fence, to the payment of the past unfunded indebtedness of said County In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW SCHOOL DIsTRICT IN THE TOWN oF UNION, IN THE County oF UNION, AND THE TOWN OF JOHNSTON 8S, IN THE County oF EDGEFIELD, AND TO AUTHORIZE THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF A SPECIAL SCHOOL TAX THERE IN,” APPROVED DECEMBER 24TH, 1879, SO FAR AS IT RELATES TO THE ScHoot District AT JOHNSTON’S AND AFFECTS THE LEVYING OF AN ADDITIONAL TAX Section 1. Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 3 of an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the estab- lishment of a new School District in the town of Union, in the County of Union, and the town of Johnston’s, in the County of Edgefield, and to authorize the levy and collection of a special school tax therein,” approved Deeember 24, 1879, be, and the same is hereby, amended by inserting between the words “Dis- tricts” and “shall,” on the twentieth line, the following words, 

“present and voting at meeting,” so that the said Section will read as follows, to wit: ‘That in addition to the rights and privi- leges hereinbefore granted, the said School Districts shall have the power to levy on all real and personal property returned ini said District a tax not exceeding one and a half mills on the¢ dollar, subject to the following provisions: The School Trustees of said Districts shall, at any time previous to the 30th of June in each year, upon the written request of three property holders, issue a call for a meeting, after two weeks’ notice, of all those citizens who return real or personal property in said Districts ; such notice shall specify the time and place of meet- ing; and be published in the Edgetield Monitor, also be posted in three conspicuous places in said Districts. The persons enti- tled to vote in said meeting shall have the power, first, to ap- point a chairman and secretary; second, to adjourn from time to time; third, to decide, whether in addition to the constitu- tional school tax apportioned to the use of schools in said Dis- tricts, it is deemed expedient to levy an additional tax, not to exceed the limit hereinbefore mentioned, for the pay of teachers’ salaries, or the building and improvement of school houses, or for incidental expenses: Provided, That at least three-fourths of the taxpayers of said Districts present and voting at meeting shall vote in favor of levying an additional tax for the purpose mentioned. Only these persons shall vote at such meetings who are citizens of the State and return real or personal pro- perty in said Districts. No tax thus levied shall be repealed at any subsequent meeting. It shall be the duty of the chairman of such meeting to notify the County Auditors within one week of the amount of the tax thus levied, and the Auditors shall thereupon proceed to assess such tax, on all real and personal property returned in said Districts. The County Treasurer shall collect this tax at the time of collecting the State and County taxes, and it shall be a lien on all property until paid, as is provided for in the case of the State and County taxes. The proceeds arising from said tax shall be paid out by the County Treasurer on warrants from the School Trustees, countersigned by the County School Commissioners, and he shall be liable to all penalties prescribed elsewhere for non-performance of duty. For convenience in assessing such tax, the Sounty Commission- ers of Union and Edgefield Counties are hereby authorized and required to lay off a new township to be known as Court House Township, and to be coterminous in extent with such School District ; the assessment for the scholastic year beginning on 

the first day of November, 1879, to be made by the County Auditor immediately after he shall have been notified by the said chairman of the amount of the tax so levied Sec. 2. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and thé same are hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —— AN ACT To PROHIBIT THE SALE OF ARDENT SPIRITS WITHIN THE TOWN OF GAFFNEY City, IN SPARTANBURG COUNTY, AND THE TOWN OF WESTMINSTER, IN OCONEE CouNnTY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the sale of ardent spirits or liquor of any kind in the town of Gaffney City, in Spartanburg County, and in the town of West- minster, in Oconee County, is hereby prohibited, except by a druggist upon the prescription of a physician in attendance upon a patient; and it shall not be lawful for the corporate authorities of said towns to issue any license for such purpose Sec. 2. That upon the conviction of any one who shall violate the provisions of this Act, he, she, or they shall be punished by a fine not exceeding fifty dollars, or imprisonment not exceed- ing six months, at the discretion of the Court. Sec. 3. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act and shall continue in force until repealed. Src. 4. That all Acts inconsistent with the provisions of this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A D. 1882. ayYaia Ov orn o 

AN ACT TO CHARTER THE CAMDEN SHort Line RAILROAD Company. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That W. A. Ancrum, F. L. Zemp, E. W. Parker, J. T. Hay, and such other persons as they may associate with them, and their suc- cessors, are hereby constituted a body politic and corporate, by the name of the Camden Short Line Railroad Company, for the purpose and with the power of constructing a railroad from some point on the Charlotte, Columbia and Augusta Railroad, between Columbia and Winnsboro, to some point east of Cam- den, to some point east on tho Cheraw and Darlington Railroad by way of Camden. Src. 2. That the capital stock of said Company shall be not less than one hundred thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing the same to such an amount as may be found neces- sary to construct, extend, and equip the said Railroad, said capital stock to be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each; and for the purpose of raising the said capital stock, it shall be lawful to open books of subscription, at such times and places, to keep them open for such periods of time, and under’ the direction of such persons as may be determined on by a majority of said incorporators. That subscriptions may be made in labor, material, lands, or money, at such rates, and on such ] terms, as may be agreed upon at the time of the subscription ; and that all amounts so subscribed, either in labor, material, land. or money, shall constitute the joint stock capital for the purpose of constructing and carrying into operation the rail- road provided for by this Act; and the said Railroad Company shall have power to mortgage its property and franchises, and to issue bonds on such terms and conditions, and for such uses and purposes of said corporation as the Board of Directors thereof may deem expedient. Sec. 3. That the said corporation may have a common seal, may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of this State; and make all such rules, regulations, and by-laws as are not inconsistent with the laws or Constitution of this State, or of the United States. Sec. 4. That the affairs of the said Company shall be managed and directed by a general Board to consist of seven Directors dQ to be elected by the stockholders from among their number annually. 

Sec. 5. That the President of the Company shall be elected by the Directors from among their number by ballot; and the Board of Directors may appoint such other officers of the said Company as they may think proper. Sec. 6. That all contracts authenticated by the President and Treasurer, shall be binding upon the Company without a seal ; unless otherwise directed by the Board of Directors. Sec. 7. That the said Company may, when they see fit, farm out their rights of transportation on said railroad, and said Com- pany, and every person who may have received from them the right of transportation of goods, wares, and produce on the said road, shall be deemed and taken to be a commmon carrier, as respects all goods, wares, merchandise, and produce intrusted to them for transportation. Sec. 8. That if any stockholder shall fail to pay the instal- ment required of him on his share or shares by the President and Directors, or a majority of them, within one month after the call for the same shall have been advertised in one or more papers published in Kershaw and Fairfield Counties, it shall and may be lawful for the President and Directors, or a majority of them, to sell at public auction, and convey to the purchasers, the share or shares of such stockholder so failing or refusing. giving twenty days’ notice of the time and place of sale; and after retaining the sum due, and all expenses incident to the sale out of the proceeds, shall pay the surplus to the former owner, or his legal representatives or assignees; and any purchaser of the stock of the Company under the sale by the President and Directors as aforesaid, shall be subject to the same rules and regulations as the original proprietor, and no sale by the origi- nal proprietor of the stock, or his assignees, shall release the original proprietor from his obligation to the Company to pay the whole amount of his subscription. And, in addition to the foregoing remedy, the President and Directors may proceed by action of assumpsit-or debt, in any of the Courts of law for the recovery of the instalmerts due and not paid by any delinquent stockholder or his assignee, who shall not pay the same on re- quisition made in manner and form as aforesaid. Src. 9. That the stock of said Company may be transferred in such manner and form as may be directed by the by-laws of the said Company. rt Sec. 10. That the Board of Directors shall, once in every year © at least, make a full report on the state of the Company and its affairs to a general meeting of the stockholders, and oftener, if 

directed by a by-law; and shall have power to call a general meeting of the stockholders when the Board may deem it ex- pedient; and the Company may provide in their by-laws for occasional meetings being called, and prescribe the mode thereof. Sec. 11. That the said company may purchase, have, and hold, in fee or for a term of years, any lands, tenements, or heredita- ments, which may be necessary for the said road, or the appur- tenances., thereof, or for the erection of depositories, storehouses, houses for the officers, servants, or agents of the Company, or for workshops or foundries, to be used for said Company, or for procuring stone or other materials neceseary to the construction of the road, or for effecting transportation thereon, and for no other purpose whatever: Provided, That no depositories or other buildings authorized by this Section shall be erected within one-fourth of a mile of the dwelling house of any individual without his consent, unless it be in some town or village, cither at the termini or on the line of said road. Sec. 12. That the said company shall have the right, when necessary, to conduct the said road across or along any public road or watercourse: Provided, That the said company shall not obstruct any public road without constructing another equally as good and as convenient as may be, nor without mak- ing a draw in any bridge of said road, which may cross a navi- gable stream, sufficient for the passage of vessels navigating said stream, which draw shall be opened by the company for the free passage of vessels navigating said stream. Sec. 13. That the said railroad company shall be subject to the provisions of an Act of the General Assembly of South Carolina, passed September 22d, 1868, entitled “An Act to de- clare the manner by which lands, or right of way over the lands, of persons or corporations may be taken for the construe- tion or use of railways and other internal improvements:” Pro- vided, however, That nothing herein contained shall be so con- strued as to exempt the company from payment of taxes. Sec. 14. That said railroad shall be commenced within two years and be completed within five years from the passage of this Act. . Sec. 15. That any incorporated town or village on the line of the proposed road or a terminus thereof, except in the County of Darlington, may subscribe to the capital stock of said road such amount as may be determined upon at an election of the voters of said municipality to be held for that purpose; such election to be held under the direction of the Council of such 

municipality, after one month’s notice of such election; such subscription to be in bonds of such municipality of the denomi- nation of one hundred dollars, or five hundred dollars, or both. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW SCHOOL DISTRICT IN HAMPTON County, AND TO AUTHORIZE THE LEVY AND CULLECTION OF A LOCAL TAX THEREIN. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State cf South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the purpose of maintaining a public school in the town of Varnville, Hampton County, the corporate limits of the said town are hereby declared to be a new school distract, to be known as the Varnville School District. Sec. 2. That the inhabitants thereof shall be, and are hereby, -ereated a body politic and corporate, with such government rights, privileges, and liabilities as other school districts, under the Act approved the 22d of March, 1878. Sec. 3. The said school district is also hereby authorized and empowered to levy on all real and personal property returned in said district a local tax not exceeding two mills on the dollar, to supplement the constitutional tax for support of said schools, by the persons, and in the mode following, to wit: The school ‘trustees of said district shall, on or before the first day of June “next, and again on or before the same day in each succeeding year, call a meeting of all the legal voters living in said district and returning real or personal property therein; that a notice of said meeting, specifying the time, place, and object thereof, shall be published in one newspaper or more in the said district, and posted on the Court House door and at the post office therein, at least ten (10) days before the said meeting. The persons answering the above designation, when thus assembled, shall appoint a Chairman and Secretary, adjourn from time to 

time, decide what additional tax, if any, shall be levied, and ap- propriate the same in such manner as they may think best for maintaining said schools. No tax thus levied shall be repealed at a subsequent meeting held within the same fiscal year. The chairman of the said meeting shall, in one (1) week thereafter, notify the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and the County Auditor of the amount of tax thus levied and how it has been appropriated, and the County Auditor shall at once assess such tax on all real and personal property returned in said district, and the County Treasurer shall collect the same with State and County tax, and it shall be a lien on-all property until paid, and defaulting tax-payers shall be liable to like process and penal- ties as defuulters for State and County taxes; the money col- lected from said tax levy shall be paid out by the County Treas- urer for purposes to which it has been appropriated, on warrants drawn by -the trustecs of said digtrict, countersigned by the County School Commissioner; and said Treasurer shall be liable to said school district for non-performance of his duty in respect to said moneys, in same manner and under like penalties as for non-performance of his duty in reference to State and County taxes. The first assessment under this Act shall be for the scholastic year beginning on the first day of November, 1882. This Act shall take effect from the date of its passage, and all Acts inconsistent therewith are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHN son HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT to RENEW THE CHARTER OF THE Magnetic Iron Com- PANY OF SouTH CAROLINA. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Act incorporating the Magnetic Iron Company of South Carolina, passed on the eighteenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, be, and the same is hereby, con- 

tinued of force for the term of twenty one years, from and after the twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. Src. 2. That if at any time hereafter the said Company shall construct a dam across Broad River that they shall make provi- sion for the passage of migratory fish in accordance with the laws now in existence In the Senate House, the third day of Hebunaey one thou- _ sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor N ACT To RENEW THE CHARTER OF THE LADIES’ BENEVOLENT SoclETY FOR THE ASSISTANCE OF DESTITUTE AND ORPHAN CHILDREN IN COLUMBIA. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter 1 - of the Ladies’ Benevolent Society for the assistance of destitute and orphan children, in Columbia, be, and the same is hereby, renewed and extended for the term of twenty-one years from the ratification of this Act, and that acts done by the said Society, since the expiration of its charter, in conformity thereto, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, as good and valid to all intents and purposes as if the same had been done before the expiration of its charter In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 OOT) Oe 333 

AN ACT To LIMIT THE TIME WITHIN WHICH CLAIMS AGAINST THE STATE OR AGAINST ANY COUNTY SHALL BE VALID AND PAYABLE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all claims against the State, of whatsoever nature or kind, on which the right to demand payment has already accrued, shall be and the same are hereby forever barred, unless duly presented within two years from the passage of this Act, and all such claims twice presented to and rejected by the General Assem- bly or either branch thereof, or twice presented and withdrawn therefrom, are hereby declared to be forever barred. Sec. 2. That all claims against the State accruing hereafter, shall be forever barred unless duly presented within three years after the right to demand payment thereof accrues; and suchi claims shall also be forever barred if twice presented to the General Assembly, or either branch thereof, and rejected, or twice presented and withdrawn. Sec. 3. That no claim against any County of this State shall be valid and payable unless the same be presented to, and filed q with, the County Commissioners of such County, during the fiscal year in which they are contracted or the next thereafter, and all claims not presented and filed as herein required shall be forever barred. Src. 4. That nothing in this Act shall be so construed as to affect the law now of force as to the bonded debt of the State or of any County thereof. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. 882. Approved February 4th, - 1 ON SOOT) 

AN ACT To RE-CHARTER SULLIVAN’S FERRY ACROSS THE EDISTO River 1N CoLueton County, AND TO VEST THE SAME IN ENGLISH Bracu, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS, FOR FOURTEEN YEARS Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry, known as Sullivan’s Ferry, be, and the same is hereby, re-chartered, to reach across the Edisto River, in Colle- ton County, and that the same be vested in English Beach, his heirs and assigns, for the term of fourteen years. Sec. 2. That the following rates of toll be charged, and no more: For every four horse carriage or vehicle, seventy-five (75) cents; for every three horse carriage or vehicle, sixty (60) cents; for every two horse carriage or vehicle, fifty (50) cents; for every one horse carriage or vehicle, twenty (20) cents ; for every single horse and rider, ten (10) cents; for every foot pas- senger, five (5) cents; for every head of horses, mules, cattle sheep, goats, hogs, five (5) cents: Provided, That children going to and returning from school, voters going to and returning from elections; militia going to and returning from musters, and clergymen, be passed free of toll: Provided, further, That a good flat be kept at said ferry, and the ferry be otherwise kept in good order, and conducted under the requirements of this charter, and that in case of a failure on the part of the said English Beach his heirs and assigns, to comply with the terms of this charter that the County Commissioners do take said ferry in charge for the unexpired term of this charter SEc. a That all Acts or parts of Acts, inconsistent with this Act, are hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT to INcoRPORATE THE VILLAGE OF Cro, In MARLBORO County, AND TO LIMIT THE CORPORATE PRIVILEGES OF THE SAME. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all persons, citizens of the United States, who now are, or here- after may be, inhabitants of the village of Clio, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared, a body politic and corporate, and said village shall be called and known by the name of Clio, and its limits shall be deemed and held to extend one-half a mile in each direction from the Cross Roads at Hinshaw’s Store. Sec. 2. That the said village shall be governed by an Intend- ant and four Wardens, who shall be elected on the first Monday in April of 1882; and on the same day every’ year thereafter an election shall be held for an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States, and shall have been resi- dents of the said village sixty days next preceding said election, at such place in said village as the Intendant and Wardens shall designate, ten days’ notice thereof in writing being previously given; and all the male inhabitants of said village of the age of twenty-one years, who have resided therein sixty days previous to the election, shall be entitled to vote for said Intendant and Wardens; and the election shall be held from seven in the morning until six o’clock in the evening, when the polls shall be closed and the managers shall count the votes and proclaim the election and give notice thereof to the persons elected ; and that the Intendant and Wardens, for the time being, shall ap- point managers to hold the ensuing election; that the Intendant and Wardens before entering upon the duties 6f their office, shall take the oath prescribed by the Constitution of the State, the oath for the prevention of duelling, and the following oath, to wit: ‘As Intendant (or Warden, as the case may be,) of Clio, I will equally and impartially, to the best of my ability, exercise the trust reposed in me, and will use my best endeavors to pre- serve the peace and carry into effect according to law the pur- poses of my appointment: So help me God.” Src. 3. That in case any vacancy shall occur in the office of the Intendant or any of the Wardens, by death, resignation, removal from the State, or from any other cause, an election shall be held by appointment of the Intendant and Warden (or Wardens, as the case may be,) ten days’ public notice thereof, as aforesaid, 15 A&R 

being given; and in case of sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant, the Wardens forming a Council shall be empowered to elect one of themselves to act as Intendant during such sick- ness or absence Sec. 4. That the Intendant and Wardens, duly elected and i qualified, shall, during their term of service, severally and respec- r tively, be vested with all the powers of Trial Justices and * Justices of the Peace in this State for the préservation of the peace within the limits of said village; that the Intendant shall as often as occasion may require, summon the Wardens to meet him in Council, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum * for the transaction of business, and shall be known as the Tow Council of Clio; and they and their successors in office shall hav a common seal, and shall have power and authority to appoint. from time to time, such and so many proper persons to act as marshals and constables as they may deem expedient and proper, which officers shall have all the duties, and be subject to the penalties and regulations of the laws of the State for the office of constable; and the Intendant and Wardens in Council shall have power and authority under the corporate seal, to ordain and establish all such rules, by-laws, and ordinances respecting the streets, ways, public wells, springs of water, markets and and police of said village, and for preserving health, order good government within the same, as they may deem expedient and proper; and the said Council may affix fines for offences against such by-laws and ordinances, and appropriate the same to the use of the corporation, but no fine shall exceed fifty dol- lars All fines may be collected by an action for debt before a proper tribunal Src. 5. That the said Council shall have power to abate or remove nuisances within the limits of said village, and also to classify and arrange the inhabitants liable to public. duty, and require them to perform such duty as occasion may require, and enforce performance of the same under the same penalties as are now or may hereafter be established by law: Provided 4 always, nevertheless, That said Council shall have power to com- pound with the persons liable to perferm such duty, under such terms as they shall by ordinance establish Sec. 6. That it shall be the duty of the Intendant and War- ja dens to keep all streets and ways in the limits of said village open and in good order, and for that purpose they are hereby s.invested with all the powers and privileges granted by law to the Commissioners of Roads, within the limits of said village ; 

and for neglect of duty they shall be liable to the same pains and penalties imposed by law upon Commissioners of Roads for like neglect; and they are hereby individually exempt from the performance of road and public duty, and the inhabitants of said village are hereby exempt from road duty without the limits of said .corporation. Sxc. 7. That the said Intendant and Wardens shall have power to compound with persons liable to work on said streets and ways, and to release such persons as may desire it upon the payment of such sum of money as they may deem a fair equiva- lent therefor, to be applied by them to the use of the corpora- tion Src. 8. That the said Council of Clio shall also be empowered to retain, possess, and enjoy all such property as they may be possessed of or entitled to, or which shall hereafter be given bequeathed to, or in any manner acquired by them, and to sell alien, or in any way transfer the same, or any part thereof Provided, The amount of property so held, or stock so invested shall in no case exceed the sum of twenty thousand dollars Sec. 9. That the said Council shall have power to impose an arnual tax upon all real and personal property within the limits of said village: Provided, Said tax does not exceed the sum of fifteen cents on the one hundred dollars Sec. 10. That the Intendant and Wardens of said village of Clio shall have power to regulate sales at auction within the limits of said village, and grant licenses to auctioneers: Provided That nothing herein contained shall extend to sales by or for Sheriffs, Clerks of Courts, Judges of Probate, Coroners, execu- tors, administrators, assignees, or by any other person under the order of any Court or Magistrate Sec. 11. That the Intendant and Wardens shall have power and authority to require all persons owning a lot or lots in said village of Clio to keep in repair the sidewalks adjacent to their lots, respectively, and for default in this matter shall have power and authority to impose a fine not exceeding four dollars Sec. 12. That the said Council shall have no power or author- ity whatever to grant licenses to retail spirituous liquors, and} no such licenses shall be granted within the limits of said village Sec. 13. For the purpose of holding the first election under this Act, the Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas of Marlboro 2 County shall designate three suitable persons, citizens of said village, to act as managers of the election, and said: managers 

80 appointed shall give at least ten days’ previous notice of said election Sec. 14. That this Act be deemed a public Act, and continue in force until repealed In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——_——— AN ACT To PROHIBIT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OR INTOXICATING LIQUORS WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE TOWN OF Pros- PERITY, SouTH CAROLINA Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors of any kind, within the limits of the town of Prosperity, or within two miles of the corporate limits thereof, in the County of Newberry, in the State of South Carolina, is hereby prohibited, except by a druggist, upon the written pre- scription and certificate of a practising physician that the same is necessary and to be used for medicinal purposes, which pre- scription and certificate shall be filed and kept subject to inspec- tion by the corporate authorities ; and it shall not be lawful for the authorities of said town to issue any licenses for the sale thereof, otherwise than herein provided Sec. 2. That any person violating the provisions of this Act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of not less than one hundred dollars, or imprisoned in the County jail for a period of not less than six months, or both so fined and imprisoned, in the discretion of the Court trying the case In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 OOT) OVarng 

AN ACT 10 AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF SPARTANBURG. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the city of Spartanburg,” approved 24th December, 1880, be, and the same is hereby amended, as follows: That the City Council ofsaid city is here- by required, before the time fixed for the assessment of property for the purpose of taxation, to appoint in and for said city three intelligent and discreet freeholders, residents in said city, who first being duly sworn, honestly, fairly, and impartially, to assess the real estate in said city at its true cash value, shall meet at some convenient place in said city, and elect a chairman, and when so organized, shall form a Board of Assessors for the purpose of annually assessing the value of real estate in said city, for the purposes of municipal taxation. Sec. 2. That the members of the said Board of Assessors shall each receive compensation of three dollars per day for each and every day actually spent in the work of said assessment. Src. 3. That any person who may be dissatisfied with said assessment, may appeal therefrom to the City Council, whose decision on said appeal shall be final. Sec. 4. The said Board of Assessors shall continue in office during the term of office of the City Council who appointed them, unless removed for cause by said City Council; and any vacancy in said Board, in whatever manner created, shall be filled by appointment of said City Council. Sec. 5. That all Acts and parts of Acts, inconsistent with this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the, Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, 1882. alee ai (OT) 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE WALTERBORO RAILROAD AND TRAMWAY COMPANY.” a?- provep Marcu 18rn, 1878, BY STRIKING OUT SECTION 1 AyD SUBSTITUTING ANOTHER IN LIEU THEREOF, AND BY STRIKING OUT OF SECTION 6 OF SAID ACT THE WORDS “ON EITHER SIDE THEREOF.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre. sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section one of an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the Wal ’ terboro Railroad and Tramway Company, approved March 18th, 1878, be, and the same is hereby, amended by striking out Section 1 of said Act and substituting in lieu thereof the tollow- ing: “That for the purpose of establishing a railroad or tram way from Greenpond Depot, in Colleton County, a station ou the Savannah and Charleston Railroad, to some point at, in, or near the limits of the town of Walterboro, along the present mail route and over the road known as the ‘New Road, be- tween said points, (the same having been declared a public road. the corporators hereinafter named, under the name and style of the Walterboro Railroad or Tramway Company, shall be and torm a body politic and corporate for the term of thirty years” Sec. 2. That Section 6 of said Act be amended by striking out on the last line thereof, the words “on either side thereot.” se that said Section shall read: “The powers, rights, and privileges conferred on the Walterboro Railroad or Tramway Company are intended to include the power to lay the track of the sail Railroad or Tramway on and along the road in the first Section of this Act designated.” In the Senate House. the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. D.1 Approved February 4th, A. NS - tOO 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE LEVY OF A SPECIAL TAX IN YORK AND CHESTER CoUn- TIES TO RETIRE THE Bonps ISSUED BY SAID COUNTIES IN AID OF THE CHESTER AND Lenoir Narrow GaAuGe RaILRoapD Company, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES RELATING THERETO,” BY PROVIDING FOR THE PAYMENT OF CERTAIN BonpDs ISSUED BY CHESTER AND YORK COUNTIES OUT OF FUNDS RAISED FOR THE RETIREMENT OF SAID Bonps. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to authorize the levy of a special tax in York and Chester Counties to retire the bonds issued by said Counties in aid of the Chester and Lenoir Narrow Gauge Rail- road Company, and for other purposes relating thereto,” be, and the same is hereby, amended by adding thereto, as Sections 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, the following: Src. 8. That in case any such bonds and coupons, issued by Chester and York Counties are not presented by holders for re- tirement, in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Act, in sufficient numbers to exhaust the said sum of five thou- sand dollars, then it shall be lawful for the County Commission- ers of the said Counties of Chester and York, to call in for pay- ment, by advertisement for two wecks in one or more news- pupers published in said Counties, designating the bonds to be paid by their numbers, a sufficient number of such bonds to equal, with their unpaid coupons, the sum remaining unex- pended, and to expend such unexpended balance or sum in the payment at par of the bonds with their coupons so called in. Sec. 9. That the bonds so called in shall cease to bear interest at the time fixed by said advertisement for their presentation tor payment. Sec. 10. That Section 2 of the Act entitled as aforesaid be amended by striking out on third line thereof the words “prior to the first day of March of each year,” and inserting in lieu thereof the words “after the closing of the tax books for each tiseal year.” Sec. 11. That Section 3 of the Act entitled as aforesaid be amended by striking out thereof the words ‘on or before the first day of June of each year,” where the same occur on the third line of said Section. 

Sec. 12. That this Act shall be of force from the date of ap proval. In the Senate Touse, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House ot Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON ITAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF COMMISSIONERS TO BUILD A Court Hovsk IN THE TOWN OF BEAUFORT AND FOR THE LEVY OF A SPECIAL TAX THEREFOR. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That |, the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint three - Commissioners in the County of Beaufort, whose duty it shall e be to cause to be erected within one year after the passave of this Act upon asuitable and convenient site within the corporate limits of the town of Beaufort a Court House in which the Courts for the said County shall be held, and the public oftices shall be kept, and for this purpose, they are hereby authorized to contract for and purchase the said site, if necessary. Sec. 2. That offices shall be provided in the said Court. THouse for the Sheriff, Clerk, Probate Judge, County Commissioners. Auditor, Treasurer, and School Commissioner, and the said officers shall keep their books, records, and papers in such offices thus provided, and perform their official duties in the same. Sec. 3. That to carry out the provisions of this Act the County Commissioners of the said County are hereby author- ized and required to levy a special tax of two mills annually for the fiscal years ending lst November, 1882, and 1st November. 1883, upon all the taxable property of the said County. Sec. 4. That the Commissioners appointed by the Governor as herein provided shall have suitable plans, drawings, and specifications made by a professional architect for said Court House, and the contract for building the same shall be awarded to the lowest competent bidder for the same after due advertise- ment for proposals. 

Sec. 5. That the Commissioners aforesaid in anticipation of the enllection of the said special tax be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to contract debts and incur liabilities « to the extent required for the completion of the Court House directed to be built by them ; and upon completion of the same and its acceptance by the said Commissioners, they are hereby authorized to draw upon the County Treasurer to the extent of the collections reported by him as received on account of the: said special tax levies. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON IAGOOD, Governor. —_—_— AN ACT To RECHARTER CHAPPELL’S FERRY OVER SALUDA RIVER. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Chappell’s Ferry over Saluda River be, and the same is hereby, rechartered } for a term of ten years, and the same is hereby vested in W. R.“° Smith, his heirs and assigns, with the right to charge the rates , of terriage as provided by law, in accordance with the provisions ' of Chapter XLVIL., Section 37, of the G Carolina. eneral Statutes of South In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th; A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To RENEW THE CHARTER OF GRACE CuuRCH, CHARLESTON. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General 

Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of Grace Church, Charleston, heretofore renewed by an Act of the General Assembly ratified January 28th, 1861, be and the same is hereby renewed and extended so as to continue in force for the further period of twenty years from the date of approval of this Act. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE PAYMENT OF CERTAIN SUMS OF MONEY ADVANCED BY THE City CouNCIL OF CHARLESTON FOR THE USE OF THE STATE BoarD or HEALTH IN MAINTAINING THE QUARANTINE AT THE Port OF CHARLESTON. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Treasurer of the State ot South Carolina be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the City Council of Charleston the sum of three thousand and twenty-four dollars and ninety-five cents, being the sum advanced by the City Council of Charleston for the use of the State Board of Health, during the years 1880 and 1881, in maintaining a proper quarantine at the Port of Charles- ton. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- . sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT To creaTE A Museum or Naturat History 1N THE ciry oF CHARLESTON Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a museum of Natural History in the city of Charleston be, and‘ the same is hereby, created, to be under the control and manage- ment of a Board of Commissioners, as hereinafter provided ' Sec. 2. That the said Board of Commissioners shall consist. of the Mayor of the city of Charleston, the chairman of the Board 4 of Trustees of the College of Charleston, the Dean of the | Faculty of the Medical College of South Carolina, and four other persons to be appointed by the Mayor of Charleston for the term of four years, and until their successors are appointed Sec. 3. That five members of the said Board shall constitute a quorum, and the Mayor of Charleston shall be the chairman thereof. They shall hold their mectings at such times as the Board shall, by resolution, or as the chairman or vice chairman shall appoint. And they may adopt, alter, or amend such regu- lations as they may think proper for the establishment and de- velopment of the said museum. Src. 4. That in order to procure a suitable location for the exhibition of the contents of the said museum, the said Board | may purchase and hold in fee simple to them and their suc cessors, any real estate not exceeding in cost twenty thousand dollars ($20,000), and fit the same up with proper apartments for containing and exhibiting the specimens of said museum Sec. 5. That the said Board are hereby authorized to receive and procure, by donation or otherwise, specimens of natural» history connected with this Staté and elsewhere, and classity and arrange them in proper divisions, and to take all such steps as may be necessary or proper for preserving or adding to the same Src. 6. That the said Board are authorized to make any ar- rangements necessary for procuring, as an addition to their col- j t t lections, the museum now attached or belonging to the College of Charleston ; not, however, purchasing the same Src. 7. That the location of the said museum shall be in the city of Charleston, in some suitable place to be procured by the said Board; and it shall be open each day, at such hours and under such restrictions as may be prescribed by said Board for 

the inspection, examination, and instruction, without charge, of all visitors thereto. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO AUTHORIZE THE CoUNTY COMMISSIONERS OF WILLIAMSBURG COUNTY TO DRAW THEIR WARRANT UPON THE County TREASURER FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE CLAIM or N. B. Barrow UPON HIS COMPLETION OF THE LOWER Bripcr oN Buiack River. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Williamsburg County be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to draw their warrant upon the County Treasurér of said County for the payment of the claim of N. B. Barrow upon his completion of his contract to build the bridge over Black River known as the “ Lower Bridge,” and the fund collected and set apart for the payment of this claim in the last fiscal year is hereby appropriated to the payment of this claim during the fiscal year commencing November Ist, 1881. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT To PROHIBIT FISHING WITH NETS, TRAPS, OR SIMILAR DEVICES, WITHIN CERTAIN DISTANCES OF THE DAM ACROSS SAVANNAH River, NEAR AuausTA, GEORGIA. . Szvtion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Tha it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to obstruct the free and convenient passage of fish in Savannah River by nets, seines, or other similar devices, or to fish with nets, seines, o similar devices in said river within one mile below or one-hal of one mile above the dam across said river near the City o Augusta, and known as the Augusta Canal Dam. e Sec. 2. That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons hereafter to establish any fishery by nets, seines, traps, or other or similar devices on the South Carolina side of said river with- in the locality set forth in the preceding Section hereof, or to enter the said locality of said river from the South Carolina side thereof for the purpose of fishing with said devices, except for the purpose of visiting traps already established. Src. 3. That it shall be a misdemeanor for any person or per- sons to place any trap in Savannah River on the South Carolina side thereof within the above distances where no such traps are now located, or to fail to close up such traps as are now there during the close time now provided by law. Sec. 4. That any person violating the provisions of the pre- ceding Sections hereof, upon conviction before any Court o competent jurisdiction, shall for each offence be imprisoned for a term of not less than three months, or fined in a sum of not less than two hundred dollars, or both fined and imprisoned, in the discretion of the Court. Sec. 5. So much of any Act as is inconsistent with or repug- nant to the provisions hereof, is hereby repealed, so far is it af- fects the operations of this Act. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1883. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE ARREST AND DETENTION OF FUGI- TIVES FROM JUSTICE. . Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That any officer in the State authorized by law to issue warrants for the arrest of persons charged with crime, shall on satisfactory information laid before him under the oath of any credible person, that any fugitive in the State has committed out of the State, and within any other State, any offence which by the law of the State in which the offence was committed, is punishable, either capitally or by imprisonment for one year or upwards, in any State prison, shall have full power and authority, and is hereby required to issue a warrant for said fugitive, and com- mit him to any jail within the State for the space of twenty days, unless sooner demanded by the public authorities of the State wherein the offence may have been committed, agreeable to the Act of Congress in that case made and provided; if no de- mand be made within the time, the said fugitive shall be liberated unless sufficient cause be shown to the contrary: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to deprive any per- son so arrested of the right to release on bail as in cases of simi- lar character of offences against the laws of this State. Sxc. 2. Every cfficer committing any person under the next preceding Section, shall keep a record of the whole proceedings before him, and immediately transmit a copy thereof to the Governor of this State for such action as he may deem fit there- in under the law. Src. 3. The Governor of this State shall immediately inform the Governor of the State in which the crime is alleged to have been committed, of the proceedings had in such case, Sec. 4. Every Sheriff or Jailer in whose custody any person committed under Section 1 of this Act shall be, upon the order of the Governor of this State, shall surrender him to the person named in said order for that purpose. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To incoRPORATE EBENEZER CAMP-GROUND CHURCH OF NEWBERRY County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Andrew J. Kilgore, Henry II. Blease, Thomas F. Harmon, Thomas V. Wicker, Wilson W. Waldrop, Jacob Sligh, Mark M. Boyd, Thomas F. Grencker, E. C. Longshore, D. Pettis Boyd, and Thomas S. Moorman, and their associates and successors, be, and are hereby declared to be, a body politic aad corporate under the name and style of the “Ebenezer Camp-ground Church,” in Newberry County, with power and authority to purchase and hold real estate or personal property not exceeding the sum of ten thousand dollars, and to sell and convey or dispose of the same in any manner whatsoever, and by its corporate name to sue and be sued in any of the Courts of this State. and to make such rules and by-laws not repugnant to the laws of the land as may be deemed necessary; to make, use, and keep a common seal, and the same at will to alter. ‘Sec. 2. That the said corporation shall have power to make and enforce such police regulations, rules, and by-laws not repugnant to law, as it may consider necessary and expedient for the maintenance of order, and for the protection of its pro- perty, and for the protection of any and all persons engaged in religious worship or labor, and to this end may cause any and all persons violating said rules and regulations to be arrested and surrendered to the nearest Trial Justice, to be dealt with according to law. Sec. 3. That the corporate limits of said Ebenezer Camp- ground Church shall extend one mile each way from the “pulpit stand,” as at present located. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. . 20) C)T) Ox. ava 

AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE CHEROKEE FALLS MANUFACTURING ComPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That J. A. Deal, J. N. Torrence, J. A. Carroll, A. M. Latham, and R. P. Roberts, and thcir associates and successors, are hereby made and created a body politic and corporate, under the name and style of the Cherokee Fall Manufacturing Company, to be located on the site of the late Cherokee Iron Works on Broad River, for the purpose of manufacturing, spinning, dyeing, printing, and finishing, and selling all goods of every kind made of wool or cotton, or of which wool, cotton, or other fibrous articles may form a part, and any other articles of like nature or kind whatsoever which they may from time to time desire, and for grinding and milling wheat, corn, and other grains, saw- ing lumber and for producing and making all machinery, tools, and implements necessary to or used for such purposes, and may erect such buildings, mills, machine shops, stores, dwellings, and other works as may be required or necessary to carry out such branches of manufacture and business, and also for the transaction of all business.connected with the purposes so re- cited. Src. 2. The parties aforesaid shall have power to raise by subscription a capital for the said corporation of one hundred thousand dollars in one thousand shares uf one hundred dollars each: Provided, however, That a majority of the Board of the Directors of the said corporation shall have the power of in- creasing said capital stock to any extent not exceeding two hun- dred and fifty thousand dollars whenever they deem proper so to do; and the said corporation shall by its by-laws provide for the manner of raising and distributing such additional. capital stock. Sec. 3. The said corporation may purchase and hold all such real and personal estate as may from time to time be required for their purposes or such as they may be obliged or may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due to said corporation, and ma dispose of the same; may erect such mills machine shops, dwellings, and other buildings thereon as f may be deemed necessary or desirable; may sue and be sued; may have and use a common seal; may make such by-laws for 

the regulation and government of said corporation in any and all matters whatsoever not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of this State as may be deemed necessary, and may add to, alter or amend the same from time to time as may be desired; and shall have generally all the rights, powers, and privileges in law incident or apper- taining to corporations. Sec. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount besides the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Pro- vided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person bolding a share or shares as exccutor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 5. Each stockbolder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of said corporation he may own or represent at all elections and all meetings of the company ; and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representation by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such elections and meetings. Sec. 6. The capital stock of said corporation shall be deemed personal property ; and the said corporation shall have authori- ty in its by-laws to make all such regulations as may be deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transfer of such stock, or for collecting and enforcing by sale or otherwise all subscrip- tions made thereto. Sec. 7. That said corporation shall be entitled to the benefits enumerated and contained and for the purposes specifically men- tioned in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manu- factures,” approved December 20th, 1873, for a term of ten (10) years from the date of its organization. Sec. 8. This Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in furce for the term of thirty (30) years, and t 

until the final adjournment of the General Assembly mecting next thereafter. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J D KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_——_—— AN ACT To EXEMPT FROM TAXATION THE PROPERTY OF THE Benepicr InstiTutTE Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the buildings. apparatus, furniture, and grounds of the Benedict Institute, in- cluding the farm connected therewith as a part of the school property upon which said buildings are located, situated in the P subur bs of the city of Columbia, near the depot of the Charlotte, Columbia, and Augusta Railroad, shall be and continue exempt and discharged from all taxes, assessments, and other charges which may be imposed under the authority of the State of South Carolina, so long as the said Institute and grounds shall be used as an institution of learning In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 4th, A, D. 1882. J OHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE CouNTY COMMISSIONERS OF THE SEVERAL COUNTIES IN THE STATE TO SELL THE COUNTY FENCES, WHEN THE SAME HAVE BECOME USELESS. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of the several Counties in the State be, and 

they are hereby, authorized and empowered to sell the County fences of their respective Counties, when the same have be- come useless for the purposes for which they were erected, and to apply all moneys arising from such sales to the general ex- penses of their Counties; except, however, in the County of Lancaster, wherein the moneys so arising, as also any funds for repairs of fences, shall be applied to the construction or re- pair of bridges in the townships and parts of townships, re- spectively, from which the taxes for building said fences were collected; and except in the County of Marlboro, wherein the money so received shall be. applied to the payment of the deficiency of the past fiscal year. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty. two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND DIRECT THE CouNTY COMMISSIONERS o¥ LEXINGTON CoUNTY TO EXTEND THE LIMITS OF SANDY Run TOWNSHIP SO AS TO INCLUDE IN SAID TOWNSHIP THAT PORTION oF BuLL SwAMP TOWNSHIP LYING BETWEEN THE “PINE PLAINS RoabD” AND THE WESTERN BOUNDARY OF SANDY Run Townsuip. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Com- missioners of Lexington County, be, and they are hereby, author- ized and directed to extend the limits of Sandy Run Township, so as to include in said Township that portion of Bull Swamp Township lying between the centre of the “Pine Plains Road” and the western boundary of the said Sandy Run Township. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW ToWs. SHIP AND ScHoon District 1n EDGEFIELD County, AND 1%} AUTHORIZE THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF A LOCAL TAX THEREIN. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the purpose of maintaining public schools in Edgefield County, the County Commissioners of said County be, and they are hereby, authorized and required to lay off a new township. “to be known as Ridge Spring Township, embracing an area of four miles square, having Ridge Spring Depot as the centre, and the boundary lines thereof running east, south, west, and north. respectively. Src. 2. That said township shall also constitute a School Dis y trict, and the inhabitants thereof shall be, and are hereby. created a body politic and corporate, with such government. rights, privileges, and liabilities, as other School Districts, under the Act approved the 22d of March, 1878. Sec. 3. The said School District is also hereby authorized and empowered to levy on all real and personal property returned in said District a local tax, not excceding two mills on the dollar, to supplement the constitutional tax for support of said schools by the persons and in the mode following, to wit: The School Trustees shall, on or before the 15th day of Febr- ‘ary next, again on or before the Ist of October, A. D. 1882, and on or before the last named day in each succeeding year, call mecting of all the legal voters living in said District, and returt- ing real and personal property therein; that a notice of said b. meeting, specifying the time, place, and object thereof, shall be published in one newspaper, or more, in said County, and posted ‘in at least three conspicuous places in said School District. at least ten days before said mecting. The persons answering the above designation, when thus assembled, shall appoint a Chair. man and Secretary, adjourn from time to time, decide what addi- tional tax, if any, shall be levied, and appropriate the same in such manner as they may think best for maintaining said schools No tax thus levied shall be repealed at a subsequent meeting held within the same fiscal year. The Chairman of said meeting r Shall, in one week thereafter, notify the Chairman of' the Board “of Trustees and the County Auditor of the amount of the tat thus levied, and how it has been appropriated, and the County 

Auditor assess such tax on all real and personal property re- turned in said district or township, and the County Treasurer shall collect the same with the State and County tax; and it shall be a lien on all property till paid, and defaulting tax-payers shall be liable to like process and penalties as defaulters for State and County taxes. The money collected for said tax levy shall be paid out by the County Treasurer for purposes to which it has been appropriated, on warrants drawn by the Trustees of: said District, countersigned by the County School Commissioner; ' and said Treasurer shall be liable to said School District for non- performance of his duty in respect to said moneys in same man- ner, and under like penalties, as for non-performance of his duty in reference to State and County taxes. The first assessment under this Act shall be for the scholastic year be- ginning on lst November, 1881. This Act shall take effect from the date of its passage; and all Acts inconsistent therewith are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the third day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 4th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. en AN ACT To PROVIDE A GENERAL RAILROAD LAW FOR THE MAN- AGEMENT AND REGULATION OF RAILROADS IN THIS STATE, AND FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A RAILROAD CoMMISSIONER, AND TO PRESCRIBE HIS POWERS AND DUTIES. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Extent and Purview of the Act. That this Act may be cited as the “General Railroad Act,” one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one. Src. 2. In the construction of this Act, except where such meaning would be repugnant to the context, or contrary to the manifest intention of the Legislature, the phrase “railroads and railways” shall be construed to include all railroads and rail- 

ways doing business as common carriers in this State (except marine railways), operated by steam, and whether operated by the corporations owning them or by other corporations cr other- wise; “railroad” shall be construed to mean a railroad or rail- way operated by steam power. The phrase “railroad corpora- tion” shall be construed to mean the corporation which lays out, constructs, maintains, or operates a railroad operated by steam power, and “railroad company” shall have no different meaning from “railroad corporation.” Sec. 3. When a railroad laid out and constructed by one cor- poration is lawfully maintained and operated by another cor- poration, the latter shall be subject to the duties, liabilities, re- 'strictions and other provisions, as they are set forth in this Act. respecting or arising. from the maintenance and operation of such railroad, in the same manner as if it had been laid out and constructed by said latter corporation. When a railroad is lawfully maintained and operated by trustees or receivers, they shall in like manner be subject to the duties, liabilities, restric tions, and other provisions respecting or arising from the main- tenance and operation of such railroad which are attached in this Act to the corporation for whose stockholders or creditors or either they are trustees or receivers. Sec. 4. Railroad corporations heretofore established in this State, whether by special Act or in conformity with the pro- visions of any general law, shall have the powers and privileges. rand be subject to the duties, liabilities, restrictions, and other provisions contained in this Act, which so far as inconsistent with charters granted since the seventeenth day of December. one thousand eight hundred and forty-one, shall be deemed and taken to be in alteration and amendment thereof: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall affect any act done or any right accruing, accrued, or established, or any proceed- ings, doings, or acts ratified or confirmed, or any suit or pro- ceedings had or commenced in any case before the Act takes effect, but the proceedings therein shall, when necessary, con- form to the provisions of this Act. As to the Charters and Consolidation of Railroads. Sec. 5. No charter for the incorporation of railroad com- panies, or any extension thereof, shall be granted by the Legis- lature, unless three months’ public notice of the application for the same be previously given by advertisement in one of the papers of the County in which such road may be situated; or, if 

there be no newspaper in such County, then, by publication of such notice at the Court House, or some conspicuous place in the County. Sec. 6. No public notice, or declaration, shall limit, or in any wise affect, the liability at common law, of any railroad com-¢ pany: within this State, for or in any respect of any goods to beq carried and conveyed by them; but such railroad Company shall be liable, as at common law, to answer for the loss of, or injury to, any articles and goods to be carried and conveyed by them, any public notice or declaration by them made and given contrary thereto, or in anywise limiting such liability, notwith- standing. Sec. 7. At all general or special meetings or elections of the stockholders of any railroad company incorporated by this State, each share of stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall affect the mode of voting adopted and practised by any railroad company at the time that this Act shall become of force. Formation of Corporations by Purchasers. Sec. 8. In case of the sale of any railroad, situated heretofore or hereafter wholly within this State or partly in an adjoining State, by virtue of any mortgage or deed of trust, whether, under fore- closure or other judicial proceeding, or pursuant to any power contained in such mortgage or deed of trust, the purchaser or pur- chasers thereof, or his or their survivor or survivors, represen- tatives, or assigns, may, together with their associates, (if any,) form a corporation for the purpose of owning, possessing, main- taining, and operating such railroad, or such portion thereof as may be situated within this State, by filing in the office of the Secretary of State of this State a certificate specifying the name and style of such corporation, the number of Directors of the same, the name of its Directors, and the period of their services, not exceeding one year, the amount of the capital stock of such corporation, and the number of shares into which it is to be divided; and the persons signing such certificate, and their suc- cessors, may be a body corporate and politic, by the name specified in such certificate, with power to sue and be sued, contract and be contracted with, and to own, possess, maintain, and operate the railroad referred to in such certificate, and to transact all business connected with the same; and a copy of such certificate, attested by the Secretary of State or his deputy, shall, in all Courts and places, be evidence of the due organiza- 

tion and existence of such corporation and of the matters speci- fied in such certificate: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize in any manner the purchase or lease of such railroad, by any railroad corporation or steamship company, chartered either by this or by any other State, except as hereinafter provided: And provided further, That the capital stock, to be named in the certificate aforesaid, shall in no case be greater than the amount of the capital stock specified in the original charter of the railroad so sold, and any amendment or amendments thereto. Sxc. 9. Such corporation shall possess all the powers, rights, ,immunities, privileges, and franchises in respect to such rail- road, or the part thereof included in such certificate, and in re- spect to the real and personal property appertaining to the same, which were possessed or enjoyed by the corporation which owned or held such railroad previous to such sale under or by virtue of its charter and any amendments thereto, and, of other laws of this State, or the laws of any other State, in which any part of such railroad may have been situated, not inconsistent with the laws of this State. Sec. 10. Such corporation shall have power to make and issue bonds bearing such rate of interest, not exceeding seven per “cent: per annum, payable at such times and places, and in such amount or amounts, as it may deem expedient, and to sell and dispose of such bonds at such prices and in such manner as it may deem proper, and to secure the payment of such bonds by its mortgage or deed of trust of its railroad or any part thereof, And all of and its real and personal property and franchises. the property and franchises of such corporation embraced or in- tended to be embraced in any such mortgage or deed of trust, whether then held or hereafter acquired, shall be subject to the lien and operation of such mortgage or deed of trust, and in case of sale under the same, shall pass to and become vested in the purchaser or purchasers thereof, so as to enable him or them to form a new corporation in the manner hereinbefore prescribed, and to vest in such new corporation all the faculties, rights, im- munities, privileges, and franchises possessed by its predecessor or conferred by this Act. Src. 11. Such corporation shall also have power to establish sinking funds for the payment of its liabilities, and to issue ‘ capital stock, to such an aggregate amount as may be deemed necessary, not exceeding the amount named in its certificate of organization. And any such corporation shall also have power 

to make by-laws, rules, and regulations in relation to its busi- ness, and the number of its Directors, and the times and places of holding meetings of the stockholders and Directors, and the same to alter and change as may be deemed expedient: Pro- vided, That such by-laws, rules, and regulations shall conform to the laws of this State. Sec. 12. Any Railroad corporation, formed under the provis- ions of Sections 8, 9, 10, and 11, of this Act, shall be subject, as to the charter of such corporation, to the provisions of Section 1, Chapter LXIIL,, Title XIII, of the General Statutes of this State, any provision in the original charter of the company which owned or held such railroad previous to such sale, and any amendments thereto, to the contrary notwithstanding. Taking Stock or Bonds of other Companies. Sec. 13. It shall and may be lawful for any railroad company or corporation, organized under the laws of this State, and oper- ating a railroad, either in whole within, or partly within and partly without this State, under authority of this and any ad- joining State, to merge and consolidate its capital: stock, fran- chises, and property with those of any other railroad company, or companies or corporations, organized and operated under the laws of this or any other State, whenever two or more railroads of the companies or corporations so to be consolidated shall or may form a continuous line of railroad with each other, or by means of any intervening railroad: Provided, That railroads terminating on the banks of any river, which are or may be connected by ferry or otherwise, shall be deemed continuous under this Act: And provided further, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to authorize the consolidation of any company or corporation of this State with that of any other State whose laws shall not also authorize the like consolidation. Src. 14. Said consolidation shall be made under the conditions, provisions, restrictions, and with the powers hereafter in this Act mentioned and contained; that is to say: 1. The directors of the several corporations proposing to con- solidate may enter into a joint agreement, under the corporate seal of each company, for the consolidation of said companies and railroads, and prescribing the terms and conditions thereof, the mode of carrying the same into effect, the name of the new corporation, the number and names of the directors and other officers thereof, and who shall be the first directors and officers, and their places of residence, the number of shares of the capital 

stock, the amount or par value of each share, and the manner of converting the capital stock of each of the said companies into that of the new corporation, and how and when directors and officers shall be chosen, with such other details as they shall deem necessary to perfect such new organization and the con- solidation of said companies or railroads. 2. Said agreement shall be submitted to the stockholders of each of the said companies or corporations at a mecting thereof, called separately, for the purpose of taking the same into con- sideration; due notice of the time and place of holding such meeting, and the object thereof, shall be given by a general notice, published in some newspaper in the city, town, or County where such company has its principal office or place of business; and at the said meeting of stockholders the agreement of the said Directors shall be considered, and a vote, by ballot, taken for the adoption or rejection of the same, cach share entitling the holder thereof to one vote; and said ballots shall be cast in person or by proxy; and if a majority of all the votes of all the stockholders shall be for the adoption of said agreement, then that fact shall be certified thereon by the Secretary of the respective companies, under the seal thereof; and the agree- ment so adopted, or a certitied copy thereof, shall be filed in the office of the Secretary of State, and shall, from thence, le deemed and taken to be the agreement and the act of consolida- tion of the said companies, and a copy of said agreement. and act of consolidation, duly certified by the Secretary of State, under the seal thercof, shall be evidence of the existencé of said new corporation. Src. 15. Upon the making and perfecting the agreement and act of consolidation, as provided in the preceding Section, and filing the same, or a copy, with the Secretary of State, as aforesaid, the several corporations, parties thereto, shall be deemed and taken to be one corporation by the name provided in said agreement and act, possessing within this State all the rights, privileges, and franchises, and subject to all the restrictions, disabilities, and duties of each of such corporations so consolidated. Sec. 16. Upon the consummation of said act of consolidation, as aforesaid, all and singular, the rights, privileges, and fran- chises of each of said corporations, parties to the same, arid all the property, real, personal, and mixed, and all debts due on whatever account, as well as of stocks, subscriptions, and other things in action belonging to each of such corporations, shall be 

taken and deemed to be transferred to, and vested in, such new corporation, without further act or deed; and all property, all rights of way, and all and every other interest shall be as effectu- ally the property of the new corporation as they were of the former corporations, parties by said agrecment; and the title to real estate, either by deed or otherwise under the laws of this State vested in either of such corporations, shall not be deemed to revert, or be in any way impaired by reason of this Act: Pro- vided, That all rights of creditors, and all liens upon the property of said corporations shall be preserved unimpaired; and the respective corporations may be deemed to continue in existence to preserve the same; and all debts, liabilities, and duties of either of said companies shall thenceforth attach to said new corporation, and be enforced against it to the same extent as if said debts, liabilities, and duties had been incurred or contracted by it. Sec. 17. Such new company shall, as soon as convenient after such consolidation, establish such offices as may be desirable, one of which shall be at some point in this State on the line of its road, and may change the same at pleasure, giving public notice thereof in some newspaper published on the line of said road. Src. 18. Suits may be brought and maintained against such new company in any of the Courts of this State, for all causes of action, in the same manner as against other railroad com- panies therein. Sec. 19. That portion of the road of such consolidated com- pany in this State, and all its real estate and other property heretofore subject to taxation, shall be subject to like taxation, and assessed in the same manner, and with like effect, as prop- erty of other railroad companies in this State. Sec. 20. Any stockholder of any company hereby authorized to consolidate with any other, who shall refuse to convert his stock into the stock of the consolidated company, may, at any time with-; in thirty days after the adoption of the said agreement of consoli- dation by the stockholders, as in this Act provided, apply, by peti- tion, to the Court of Common Pleas of the County in which the chief office of said company may be kept, or to a Judge of said Court in vacation, if no such Court sits within said period, on reasonable notice to said company, to appoint three disinterested persons to estimate the damage, if any, done to such stockholder by said proposed consolidation, and whose award, or that of a majority of them, when confirmed by the 

said Court, shall be final and conclusive, and the persons so ap- pointed shall also appraise said stock of said stockholder at the full market value thereof, without regard to any depreciation or appreciation in consequence of the said consolidation ; and the said company may, at its election, cither pay to the said stock- holder the amount of damages so found and awarded, if any. or the value of the stock so ascertained and determined ; and upon the payment of the value of the stock, as aforesaid, the stock- holder shall transfer the stock so held by him to said company. and to be disposed of by the Directors of said company. or to be retained for the benefit of the remaining stockholders ; and in case the value of said stock, as aforesaid, is not paid within thirty-days from the filing of said award, and confirmation by said Court, and notice to said company, the damages, so found and confirmed, shall be a judgment against said company, and collected as other judgments in said Court are, by law. re. coverable. Sec. 21. When any railroad shall be sold and conveyed by virtue of any mortgage or decd of trust, or under and by virtue of any process or decree of any Court of this State, or of the Circuit Court of the United States, it may be lawful for any company, of which the railroad connects therewith, to purchase and pay for the same, to issue their own stock for such an amount as the purchasers may deem the full and fair value thereof, and to hold and enjoy the railroad so purchased, with all the rights, privileges, and franchises, and with the same -rights to charge for tolls, transportation, and car services, and 

lawful for any railroad corporation now organized, or which may hereafter be organized, under the laws of this State, to guarantee the bonds or stock or dividends of any other railroad corporation, whenever the roads of such corporations shall con- nect with each other, or shall form a continuous line of railroad directly, or by means of any connecting railroad, or by steam- boat or steamship line, such guaranty to be upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon by the stockholders of the corporations making the same: Provided, That no railroad corporation consolidating as hereinbefore provided shall thereby acquire any extraordinary rights, privileges, and exemptions not enjoyed by each of the companies consolidating under their respective charters: And provided further, That all such agree- ments, and all parts of them, shall, at all times, be subject to amendment, alteration, or repeal by the Legislature. Of Other Railroad Corporations. Src. 23. A railroad corporation may aid in the construction of any branch or connecting railroad within the limits of this State, whether connecting by railroad or steamboat lines, by subscribing for shares of stock in such corporation, or of any steamship line connecting the terminus of such railroad com- pany with any port of the United States, or by taking its notes or bonds, to be secured by mortgage or otherwise, as the parties may agree, and shall be entitled to vote on all shares of stock so subscribed for and held. e Of Issuing Bonds. Src. 24. No railroad corporation which has previously issued bonds shall subsequently make or execute any mortgage upon its road, equipment, and franchise, or any of its property, real or personal, without including in and securing by such mort- gage all bonds previously issued and all pre-existing debts and liabilities of the corporation. Of Provies. Sec. 25. No proxy shall be valid unless executed and dated within six months previously to the meeting at which it is used. No person shall as proxy or attorney cast more than one hundred votes, unless all the shares sv represented by him are owned by one person. No salaried officcr of the corporation shall vote as proxy or attorney. An officer of a railroad corpo- 

ration, who violates any of the provisions of this Section, shall for each offence forfeit and pay a fine of not. less than one hun- dred dollars, nor more than five hundred dollars. Annual Reports of Railroads. Sxc. 26. The several railroad companies chartered by this State shall be required to file in the office of the Railroad Com- missioner on or before the 31st day of August in each and every year, a full and detailed schedule and report of the condition and operations of such road for the current year ending on the 30th day of June then immediately preceding. Sec. 27. The Schedule and Report so required shall be made in accordance with the following rules, and in the following form: I. All liabilities (including interest accrued on funded debt) shall be entered upon the books in the month when they are incurred, without reference to date of payment. II. Expenses shall be charged each month with such supplies, materials, etc., as have been used during that month, without reference to the time when they were purchased or paid for. III. No expenditure shall be charged to property accounts, except it be for actual increase in construction, equipments, or other property, unless it is made on old work in such a way as to clearly increase the value of the property over and above the cost of renewing the original structures, etc. In such cases, only the amount of increased cost shall be charged, and the amount allowed on account of the old work shall be stated. IV. Mileage of passenger and freight trains shall include only the miles shown to be run by distances between stations; allow- ances made to passenger or freight trains for switching, and all mileage of switching engines computed ona basis of eight miles per hour for the time of actual service shall be stated separately. V. Season-ticket passengers shall be computed on the basis of twelve (12) passengers per week for the time of each ticket. VI. Local traffic shall include all passengers carried on local tickets, and all freight carried at local tariff or special local rates. All other traffic shall be considered through. 

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE co eeeseeeeieeesecesees seesseessseeseesesee RATLL ROAD COMPANY, For the Year ending June 30th, 18... = — ——— = = = a — = Officers and Offices of the Company. a = = me aS SS Se Officers. Names. Address. ———— | —— —_-. Cece cera rence eecccescccecence| cance seeseeacere arenes erseeres soccer eeeesacseeees senees Scere reer cccrccceceesescesence Pomc ree re merece renews a erense|sesececenccsece ee ecccese Perec eccrcccereccsercsaccscces Poreee eee eee eee reer er See ee reese er rrree re errr errr rr rreny Pec cec reece cer es cc cees ase sce nn | cece ne esse nears essa ensseeseslesessssaseesees sesseeene ee cece e cece ec er ences sever el eenrcecas soccer ereeeseessesses| sosereecsseressces oeacee Peer e ere rere rer ee reer errr rer! Pree rere reer rer errr er errr rer erier ee rererr errr rere rere = — an _ == = = ——— saps = = Proper address of the Company.........6.16 cesscceseeeeeeeseeresneceees — — —- _ == ts 2s a= Names of Directors.'Residence. Names of Directors.) Residence. | i il eee ere re error sees cncccenssisevcces soscsce jlanecccccccncncceneenccveses eee crcce ccseee | if | | i eee cece coccee Reece cwvcccccceccscccocaacslevacsenceese eel} Oecd eeccesccnesscevesaces ' 1 emcee rcccnccrccccrreccceccelivesseeescnne oe) seer cn eccccccccveresecccce ee ecceene coscce | \ we eer cc ec ce cecccncccvesceeslecse nserver os i} lewccwoneccacercccarccecsvns ee ccceas concen ! } PPeereee reece ere rererrrerey pce ee caee cel evcccscccccccccnoceaseseces Pec eccces coccce 1 Sewer eee veccce ce renecncewes| sens eceneses Or seaseesatesscsesetesssesees Bocce ccee ceccee ee Pore eee eee ee Cee ere rer reece oe ccc eces cocece Were r roe rereneccesenevecree|eusece seeseses lscecnsvereeenceseccseneens 1 Perec cece coecee 

— Capital Stock. ee Amount authorized semen creer cece ne cere cnccncsceelererescccesesee Amount subscribed Perec er cccc crac ences seceeeens| coseereseseccns Common eee enw ec cc cc ac senses sence cceeas eens cows a eeenetees Amount paid in, Preferred .......ccccccececeejsccessceesseees lose ec ceee eee Common | Amount heldin South Carolina < Preferred —— | Par value: of shareSsie: scsssessssevs convesesenveeleoseeveensnseras oO ery Number of stockholders residing in 8. C Whole number of stockholders eee re raccrece cocceeesessceas = = - -_ = aa ae —_— —______ Assets and Liabilities.—ASsETs. ee —--— ae a Ss oe oe Cost. of construction June 30, 18 State ever rces cece es ee eesasee Cost of construction since June 30, 18.0... ............005 | Pe eee eeee SS Cost of equipment June 30, 18 oes e ces core erence nane Cost of equipment since June 30, 18 SS Total cost of road and equipment...... | eee Cost of road per mile SO 2. 1816.40) O 658 8:0 60: 8:0:01010:0:0:0 0:8 B:0) SIRRS Bie Heeiee eee | Cost of equipment per mile... ceeceeeeeeseeeeeees Cost of road and equipment per-mile.......5............08. Other investMents...........ccsccccecceeseuceenes jose Cashi...ccccccceccscessccecccceeceecesseeateseseesess j 2 0 ee wiginica'nieinee Other assets eee cece cece cece coos ee ecerenecceees —— Total asscts........ccccccececsecsceeceseesses | vee a = = — a i 

ee ee LIABILITIES. —— a Capital stock paid in eee e eee meta recent cece teen e neces reese ee cece ercenscees Capital stock paid in per mile Cece cence crew ere rccrecccnnsacces seen, ceeseces eee ee ~ ~ = _ es pens a — — seen st _ Pun del Deabt— G waranteed by State. | i} . Where | Date \ Rate When Name of Bonds. and When! of i} of i Interest: Amount. —————— ‘ Payable. | Issue. : Interest. Payable. ——- ————— | —____- ——__——_. erm c meee teem eect ee se ee tees esas sees eeees He ee ee eenees cee sees eees sec cecee eens eee wre ween ener nc ee care as cece neces ween cen ne Here e see eees wee ee seeene eescneneeseees ek ee iy leweccccccceeae — Total soveueee seusieviteesasesel ee eis ence - — ~ _ = — - Funded Delt—Not Q uaranterd by State, | 1 Where | Date | Rate | When | Name of Bonds. and When | of of ‘Interest | Amount. Payable. | Issue. : Interest. Payable. — = { pone ee eee erence cece ecennes ceesee coe es eens aeeeeeee [ee eens cecenlewrc ec canecnicncenccccsecce Reece ccc cc rene rece ns cemeereeenseces eeeseeens en he errr cir Total. Perce cece cece cree n es Cae ee een cece en scenes lee ee ne esar es seca neeese® ee = Total amount of funded debt re Per or crs st wee ccccceeae Floating debt.c.....cccccccccccsecsecsceeeaeeeeesceseeeeeseceneeees —_ Total debt Pee merece eee n tree rarer ener sc es an cree ees teens rene neces eeas, sees encesensos Over-due interest OM SAMEC.........ccccceceececeeeseeeeeeesecs Bonds guaranteed by this Company ora lien on its road | [ee ccccescceees Profit and J08s........cccccceccee ee ceeccnceceseeseeeaceeeceseeenes [te ceeceesecnce Other liabilities rere e rece r acc c eee near ceesceasee asec eseeneee eee Lae eeceeccecnes Total liabilities............... be eseeceteccececeereeeeeseeess |-—----—- Total debt per mile eee eee ew ee rene eee e ee ee ee ee ee tt es ee nes en eeen| eens enenteeees eee ede creer ccc er cere ec eeec enc cencsens| sees csecssseee een oe —_—— = = Profit and Loss. os i ecg a a Dr Cr. eee eerccaces ory ecco ne ceenee pe ceccceccas ——_ — — ~ SS — - eee eee —— — - —— eae ster ereaseee —- -— 17 A&R 

Earnings and Expenses.— EARNINGS. ——— SSS a ae ee ——— seen eee | a Other = } ' 

Expenses. = ce cise ime = Tt — Pa as zai ee -) a — i— ole General Expenses “ | o Seg £ a epson —_ —_ o ix -/ Om H Months. o Sie vo Taxes. Totals. sa aan owe (a3 has S Bes o ~~ i~ o> (a & o wn im —_ Roa) -—--- --— IO cites anon es 18...... seeee seca eens peewee lecer cc l(ecrcccvccee ‘August... eee eea les uses eee eel oe eee seeee Seen seeeee sere eee cece ee | i September. see cescee| veeee ee eeee eee ae eee lecweeee se eeleveee ery October........ se eeleeeeee eee eeleeeeee se eeee Se se ee ny November .....'......sceeee/eceees | aca ce cece nc enleencealecccesleccenesevens j pete i | December...........65..065 eee seeeee bee e ee ce cee ee cneee se eeee eee ececcece 18...... e January .... ee eleeeeee eee eee eeoee wee cone! eeeees lone eae e reac ceees eee eeeee eres ee ee eee ee eee! eee eeecree eee - eee we cere eee eens February ...... i March ......... seeeee eee eeleeeee f ec eee eeee Reece eee ereeeelee coeieceeee eeeeee se cees eee i Aes ry eee cece eee eeeee | April.......... t oe MAY: sswcxsnaesas ee ee ee ceeee se celeceeee seeee eae eee! ees erry eee ee eeee { JUNE. versveves ve! Sees wee ee se ceeelacecesisasene sacs nran weeerslecscoslessecreseees i ‘ ——_—-_—s | |_| SO ——_ | | ' | i _ Totals.......|. saws los.ctias --—— — sieie.s [Sisinisis —— weeee sec e nee eee eeleceee ——. eee eee a ——s —— Total per mile of road... cee ceec cece eee ee seeee ee eeee eens Total per train mile .......... ccc ceceee eee eee ccecees coseeeeeeeeeees _ a - —_ ees — eee Total earnings ..........cccceecssceseeseeeseeceecesesenseeeeeen seeeeee econ eees Total expenses ......... 0c. cccccssecee seca eceeeseceeeneceeeeeteeelseeeeeeeresenen ses sect = Net COTNINGS 0.0.0... cccccccececc ec eeeeceeeeceeeeeeenteeeeeeseee senseeeeseeeees Other income............cccccceeeeceeeceeeeees eee cere eens eeeeae pec c eens eee Total net inCome...........ccccccecceccecctecceecccescecceens selescesaseeeeaees Interest paid during year..........ccccccsceceeeeceeeescennee ceteeeneneeeees Interest falling due during year but not paid.......... cece e cc eceee a Rental paid during year................. eect cece cccee ale we cee. weeeenee Rental falling due but not POI... ec ececee ccc ece eee celeeeee eee teeen es Other payments.from net income. ...............cceecee es erry = si ie sete toes = “Balance........c..cccccescssecesscsecccccccscesseasscesuceessuucseseees Dividends. ...........cccccecescccecsneececeecsseceececsceceueessessegees atau 

Date of last dividend declared— Surplus............ seceeees seceeees ne beeen wreeevce ee re rer Surplus at commencement of year... cee ceeeeeeee cece cece eees Total, Surplitss iss swsiinseneuer eamwas aiweiens cus cts sstsinrersreematewicie iam every Total ineome............. - woes Seer teens Se i en errr res ¥ Total income per mile of road ........ eee ee seen cece eee Total income per train mile... eee eeeee tenes a eeee sees Net earnings per mile of road enn i es o Net earnings per train mile......... aeslste Pete e tree cece renew en wee ee enn wens —— a aS Description of Road. ———— - ~ - - anne When Chartered scsi savsewses concen ves arceweneewewewanesiocwes% cde cecnccocess If your road has been consolidated with any other or other, state when the branches were chartered and when the consoli- dation oceurred. eee oo wee wecoee acces eee See c eee eenae Bee cence concer c ce ewww wo awancesseee see eee ewe e ccc crc ececcccevees ee cece cee e were ease eens ence neces ew cena sae sessesses eee ee reer eneceecscecces Senn nn fn nnn iy Ce errr ry Pe ee ee ee Bee ee When present charter Xpires.........ccccecceeeseceeseeeeecccccecceserscees . Peete eee rent cee nn wae mca enccnsnssees When road opened for public use 2 sess ey Pe, — a is SS = aoe = = From. Year. | To Miles. ee oe —-— — a ape ee 4 see cceceee leecccnee Oe 1 ' sec esc ecerlaccccces ee cc rece cccscece u ee | ' { _ =e, ~ - = ~ _ _ — eo - ee a —_ 

es — . Length ov Road—Miles. a! _ = _ = = — = = = _ - == In OPERATION. ConsTRUCTED. ! - — co) nr SS) ~) —_ — xs x = = - a Te en a we — H { Total... 0.0.0... ' neecee ce recces cece ee cane econ ceases | eee ee we eeer seeees | | | \ 1 secre ee ee cece eens renee noes { sees eeecee In So. EE Ge eens ote deveeee i | See a ge aes a 1 eas ‘ savas | —_— | Y E 7 Rolling Stock—Numober. mp loyees. a as ease, 8! =e soe 22. = ee a rie ae ae = — L gL yo oS x on Li Vi tt ya !! tx cs Locomotives. wt. -s cs) co) < x x = \ ae Te [A a“ < f23 H] aT is OO ee —— i eaeeveeen! eeeeee ose oe eee sae eee acces ce ensecee ee ccm eccc screens jou eee neeee I 1 — _ _— — - _- _ i _ — —_ Kind of train brake in use on your road...... 0... ccc ce eee ee eeee eee ee Number of locomotives equipped with train brakes pec ccerec cece Number of cars equipped with train brakes............0c cee eeeees Number of miles of steel rail................ cecececeerccececccesseceeceees Number of miles of’ steel rail in South Carolina........ 0.0.2.0... Number of miles of steel rail laid since June 30, 18..............66- Number of miles of steel rail laid in South Carolina since June 30, 18 ........0.. Cece ee cere e cree c ren ccnt ence erence scat saaes nr escessecceeeeses Number of bridges: Tron....... Wooden...... Combination....... Number of bridges built since June 30, 18 : Tron........ cece Wooden............ Combination............ Aggrepate length of bridges: Iron... Wooden... Combination ... Number of trestlessiiesecsiecveevevees ave ces cvs see ve: caseees cas veeees cavewees Aggregate length of trestles ......... ccc cceeeeeececeeeeceeeeseeetseeees What signal is given when crossing highway.......0.....00. cscs Number of crossings of highway: At grade.....Under...Over... Number of crossings without sign...............00086 wee wc cc ccesccce Carrying capacity of freight cars.........pounds..........cubic feet. 

Mileage, Traffic, &e. MILEAGE. Miles run by passenger trains eee e reece secre es er aa nse cerns eeeees soeeeceece Miles run by freight traing.............cccccceccseeeseeeeeeseeece estate eee Miles run by other trains eee e ar eceeeercccccccenecerececccen ec eccececersesees ——__ er Total train mileage........ scsscccsrccesecscesseneeseoseccers seceree TRANSPORTATION. Passengers—nuinber carried: Local Come ere e rene rccrecerensccescessesscees Se i erry Through —_ __—. Total ee ee eee eee ee ee ee ee rey --——-——- a —_— emer cc eer crc eccceeescs scene seseeenseseeesscesesess Local passenger mileage Through passenger mileage ee eee eee er reese cree eee coesccceececseeses sence Total passenger mileage, or number carried one mile........ Average amount received for each..........cccccssseceseece neces eneenes Average amount per mile for each Pee cece ccc cc cc ccccccceccccccccnceccccces Freight—Tons carried : Local Comer eee rccceccersccccceecoeeseseccee sreees Ce Oh ne ng Through —_--—____——_— Total Pee eee e cree ccc nae ces coscnreseccseessecsseressensseeeses —— SS Local freight mileage or number of tons local freight carried one mile ee cece enc meer cc cree nrc eres ereesee sree sees eeessseereseseeesccceres Through freight mileage or number of tons through freight earried one mile................ wajsetisiseisiesanivecsceseeeeeaveses smstuces Total freight mileage or tons carried one mile sere re rccrercccccccccceee Average amount received for each ton local freight Sec e cee crcccccee Average amount received for each ton through freight.........., Average amount received for each ton through and local freight. emcee ec ccereescceccncccccece Average rate per ton per mile local freight. 

Average rate per ton per mile through freight............... oe Average rate per ton per mile all freight........... oe oe eeeee woes Charge for loading and unloading freight trains................+0 Speed of passenger trains per hour.............sscsecesseeeseeee ens seeeee Speed of freight trains per hour...............cceseeeeees bese eaeeeeeeeeees . Failure of passenger trains to meet schedule time at junctions and termini..................6 Perce mere rear ecces seccccnce Average weight of passenger trains..... Srey oe eee Bee cecencccscccene . Average number of cars in passenger trains weeeee sane eeeeeeesseeeeeees ae ccccee socece Average weight of freight trains...........ccc0cce0 Average number of cars in freight trains...............0... masnianaeanie : — = —— = pee = Tonnage of Freight Carried. ae Articles. Tons. Per Cent. Grain eee vccece eoecee eee oe aeeee eeeeweee eeeee coer leececccece ae ccecee Flour Be eeeeececee Peer cece rere nc ccascces recs ccelececersecccccce ee wee cccccevece . Bacon ew eceeee . sees ee eeccoe ee ceccccees eer eee oe Other provisions........ see ee ce cece! ee cececcee see oe Lumber.......... eessene ance ecescccccece ee ceceece weee eee ee eceece Cotton in bales—Number of bales... ewes peecceee oe see eccceone erecee Live stock..........cccccseeeees ee eee eveecesee oe eecone Fertilizers........ seeees cece teeecceeace eee weercece seeces eee eee cece Iron, lead, and mineral products......|.... seeeeeees eee eafesceereeseeeeees - Merchandise............scscseesecesees . ee ccccroee . ee eeee . seee we meceee seer ec crac ocecccccrcccsceces Stone, brick, lime, &..............c0000 Articles not enumerated above ee we escees eee cccccccccne dee ec eccccceccece ———— ———— Tota = . oe —_ sc ate c eer ccece = ] freighy carried... “ = 

uorney poantuy S Jo JuBM IO Joup ——— | 3 per) -uoosiq UMO AG) “per[Ey on [O49tt0(), poanfuy _—— a1eqy puosaq ———— a sosney) Wold y POM a) “Horney | peanfay ———— Jo JUBM IO JONDP —— -uoasipy uMO Ag) ‘peT[L 3 [o19U0, peanfuy &0 a1eq3, puokaq_ }—-—- | —- —-—_—_ a aS sae sosney Wor, Pe “‘uoIyNVD “peanfuy -$—________ > S -|10 ue. 10 youp|——_—— , a) -uoosty uMO fq] “pero (<= = Jor};U0g poantuy = —___- areq} puofaq |———— -& . am _SosNey) WOIg | PPT ao *peanfay i “UOITNED —}$._ ———— - 2 10 JUBA IO youp!|————_ o0 -Uoostyt U uMo A ‘Pel a Oo ‘Joaquo” | poanfuy | —— | ——- —_~—- S 3s aay} puosoq | Cet “PPT, sosney woody | 1) i) om es 2 | 2 L-Bao} on {-— ae 4 : Est e Number of Accident. 

Total—Killed............ccccceceees TIMJUPed cee ceccceesccee ences seeeeee eens ee ee ee ee ee eee eee eee ee Ce ee eee ee eee ee eee CeCe erry ee ee ee ee eee eee ee eee ee ee ee eee ee er er Pee acer e cree ceer eres eres e ne seec as as secs seesneesesesesessceeeses sees eee cece n ence eee eee eee ee eee ee ee eee ee ee eee rere Pere rere re Ce eer errr ere rrr rr rrr eres Der er meee es ema ewer ee ee rear eres ersecees eres senses ae eees eee ese neater asecereesereceee eee Pee cee Cece ee rer ce er ence weneen cece nsec sens re eres esse sere ss eeasensessssernsesee eee ee cee eee ee eee eee Ce eee Cee eee eT eee eee rere reve rererr rrr ree rere serie eres Perce ce cr erence cave seccesesesovcey eee eee eee eee ere ee eee ee eee ee cerry Cem meee e reece eee vec eran eens wanes Beer nu seer ees eres sees reese esse sseseeeeseesssseseee wee eseroserereeseesesaneeeee coe PTUTUUTUTIPOETELTTOTELeTeTereree revere Te reriy ereeee eee eee rer rrr) ee ee eee eee eee ee ere cere rccccce Oe eee ee eee eee eee eee eee ery Perec c er warccccccncsecececes Rem e ee ree coer ee cease eres sere es cere eseerer esas sees eee res ee ne eens sense sesssesesseeses aces Pee e meee rece rece ee re corer eens snc eeree sense esse sees See eeseseesssesecceseeenee © ==5 ee = a eases oe soe fabball SS ee ee es Stock Killed. = pei Se ee a5 — Saat oe a —— Suet —— = Kind H Date. | Train. of ‘Amount Paid. If not Paid, state Why. Stock i H ' —| ———__ —___ ee ——  . | t | eer cc cece tee ecee cc ceereeses eee eee r rece eces seer ec ecerececccarvesecerecscsesce i | Omer cece ve rer ceases anscces 4 eee ee ery | dere e reece cs cece ccescccsecccscccs { | ‘ | | | beccecene | eee w ee eeee i { Pee meee reel cercer cc cs esas sens eres esse eras eesesreeesseseseseres i | i ( i} i ese ec ence omer ec crei cece cece eens cere m creer ee eeeene soeeenecesenes er scssasssereseseses t t Be eee onl eee cc ew cece se ce nce se en wee ee seer ae eee sees sarees eeesesesessnseseeesasesseeee wcrc ccclerecccccces _ t Loecccsseeees tates seeeeeeeeee|ecsserseeesseeeeenseeneetenceesees _--—- eas ~ - ~ _ ~ WOtal seecusswon ncetsian sewtas sveven evesuts caeaeewessenaneenvenedersesees sacees 

L onney |: ~~] ' | paintuy — —— —__- - ——_ JO JUBM IO JOUP ——— -Woastyy UMO Ag “Prey wn *joaquog |: | i | ‘paantuy | — ayy puofoq | -_ asneg Woy | *POTE a cay “doneg paantay | JO qUUM IO qonp. — ee = -uoost py UO Lo; “POTTY, | crease a — eee ae Joaqyuoy paantuy Sn i) i —_——— areyy puodaq — ‘ | sOSTIB’) WOOL po — | uoIpNRD ‘poantuy | |: > s) + JO JUBA LO youp|——— ——————— . . a) |UOOST IE uMO » <q *POTEM — . a = om = | o—_— a iv} Igy} puo{aq -_— |————_ —____... am HORNBD WOT) POTTEM 2 es o _ ae] = =a NS =~ aut VA s | ° _ SL ——— a sas a = Ls) os |: os ~ 2 — a _ _— Number of Accident 

Total—Killed.......... eee DjUred oo. ccc cece cece es ceeeeeeeees eRe eee eee eee eee eee ee eee cere rere Ce Tere rere rere reer re rere ee reerr ieee gy ee ees c cece renee tse cc eres esteeeccenes sees ae POeeee eee er ee ere reer reer CIC e errr erry eee eee ee eee cee eee eee eee CeCe Per ere rrr ere re rerreersy) eee eeee oe per ecccceeces Seem eer rere es were e reece nese ce ces me ret ee rn en eee ser ea sense see eeeesessssseusesaesreeees weer cc ene reer ey Pee meee rere reas reer ere e sent acne asec essvescseces ee ee eee eee rer tne meee res ec cece cree ccsnecceccerscsceveece meer meee cee n averse eee ee seen ee essere seer ee ese se es essere sees ess esses eseee.conesees ee cece e reser ee er ee ac seen ar eesenerecs eee eee eee ee ee ee eee eer eee Cm mmm meme a reese er eere seen seer reese Beene caress sese nesses sees erreeeasesseeseressene eee cece rec re wear nese cee Cece ners en rece ee esrse anes sent ven reeesrer ese seneereaser sees esc eeee eee ce ec er ccc on ce ee eee ee ee re ete ccecece Ore er re eee ee ee ey eee ec csc cccee Peewee cere cccccnerecsccccsene Ree meee Cece ec cree reer ar en sens cen eeea eran acer essere esse ns eesees saneseeessressseeses emcee ec ccevccavecece terre cece r rer seteceseceesseeees coeeeseee eee creer eeeces o =o aon a = ee SS Stock Killed. Smee 2 - - - = - ses atl = ! | Kind { of Date. Train. , | ‘Amount Paid. Tf not Paid, state Why. ! | | ' Stock. i —— on —_ a Ss eee e ee caw ee cence cosceeeaccee rey ame meee ener ccceeccnesenccnseseces Pee eee eee eee eee ee eee wee eee Cee c eee ene were eens tees eee seseseeeeeeees saesasenere cece eens coreenceeee eocenencere ere ee scccccecccee cece een acre cc crrenncecseeescces ‘ 1 ( es cceeee aldio'e ive ie/es's Ueis ae's' eeenee Pewee re cccconces eee e ene weccnen ce cccccccceeecenvece i ee oot eee tere ceeeener ceeeeceesons ecco etereseeesees ewe er ceases tess nassesesesesesssees i i woeeee sees se wee Semen lec e eee ee ones ee rrercceeasrecsseeces — -—- — Pe as = ema = —iim Total..... Per ere rrr rer er ere rer ere rere ee eee rere rer reer errr rr ere reer rere, — sie os Eee ssa re ees _ 7 as — 

Future Prospects of Road and General Remarks. 7 = -—— |____ — 2 — = a = eee seeee PPTrerrerrerrerrererererereerrerer err me Creer ree ee a) ecw cee c sec cee cece ee erenec es eeeneessseeeseseres Decree cree ccc c ceases we ccn cece ory PPP Tere Terr errrrr errr rrrrr err rrr eee eee rrr eer eee eee ee ee) . eee eee ee cece meer nce ee ee reer ee eee eee es eres see sseseeseren sees ener eedeeasesaenes Cem m mmm eens eee rere ee near e eee ee sens n re ee ee sees esses eens eS ss EeES es eeaeaeeecsenerenes Perrerrerrrr errr ere rere reer errr rr rere re eee eee eee eee ce cme ccc tenes Rocce eae cave ener cre cerns Hemet renee ees ee Coen senses renee esses ee nese eee ee auense sees POUUUEUETETESIOOUOSUSESE POOR e Eee RTE reer ere re eee ee eee eee eee ee ee eee eee ere see eee nme e eee m ee etree Seem e renee ae eee erase ee dese e He eee re ee ea eees ees eeae eee -seeseres PPORUeUEEEUECPCO eee Pee ee ere rer rece rere errr errr rece e ee ce eee eee ee eee eee ee Seer e errr eee ee ee eee ee ee i a President. Sworn to and subscribed before me, this........day of............ 18......... cece c cerca ccc rer ec ee ees ecccessecoen [L. s.] —— es _ - ae = = — —— ~~~ ——— 2 Against Discrimination by Railroads. Sec. 28. It shall be unlawful for.any person or persons en- gaged alone or associated with others in the transportation of property by railroad within the limits of this State, directly or indirectly to charge or receive from any person or persons any greater or less rate or amount of freight, compensation. or reward than is charged to or received from any other person or persons for like and contemporancous service in the carrv- : ing. rec eiving, delivering, storing, or handling of the same ar- ticles of the same character and description. And all persons engaged as aforesaid shall furnish, without discrimination, the same facilities for the carriage, receiving, delivery, storage, and handling of all property of like character carried by him or them, and shall perform with equal expedition the same kind of services connected with the contemporaneous transportation thereof’ as aforesaid. No break, stoppage, or interruption, nor 

any contract, agreement, or understanding, shall be made to prevent the carriage of any property from being and being treated as one continuous carriage, in the meaning of this Act, from the place of shipment to the place of destination, unless such stoppage, interruption, contract, arrangement, or under- standing was made in good faith for some practical and neces- sary purpose, without any intent to avoid or interrupt such con- tinuous carriage, or to evade any of the provisions of this Act. Sec. 29. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons en- gaged in the transportation, shipment, or receiving of property as aforesaid, directly or indirectly to allow or receive any re. bate, drawback, or other advantage, in any form, upon ship- ments made or services rendered or received, as aforesaid, by him or them. Sec. 30. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons en- gsged in the carriage, receiving, storage, or handling of pro- perty, as mentioned in the twenty-eighth Section of this Act, to enter into any combination, contract, or agreement, by changes of schedule, carriage in different cars, breaking car- loads into less than car-loads, or by any other means, with in- tent to prevent the carriage of such property from being con- tinuous from the place of shipment to the place of destination, whether carried on one or several railroads. ' Sec. 31. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons en- gaged in the transportation of property, as provided in the twenty-eighth Section of this Act, to charge or receive any greater compensation for carrying, receiving, storing, forward- ing, or handling articles of the same character and description for a shorter than for a longer distance in one continuous car- riage; and the road of a corporation shall include all the road in use by such corporation, whether owned or operated under a contract or lease by such corporation: Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed so as to require any corporation, or combination of corporations, to regulate their charges for shorter distances by their proportion of through rates between terminal or junctional competitive points. Sec. 32. All persons engaged in carrying property, as pro- vided in the twenty-eighth Section of this Act, shall adopt and keep, always accessible for public inspection, schedules, which shall plainly state: e First. The different kinds and classes of property to be carried. Second. The different stations or places within this State upon the line of such road, or other roads, within this State connect- 

ing therewith, and with which it has business relations, between which such property shall be carried. Third. The rates of freight and prices of carriage for given dis- tances over such road or roads, and for all services connected with the receiving, delivery, loading, unloading, storing, or handling the same, so that the rates and prices between such stations and places can always be known and ascertained there- from. Such schedules may be changed from time to time as herein- after provided. Copies of such schedules shall be printed in plain, large type, and shall be kept always accessible for public inspection in at least two places in every depot where freights are received or delivered; and no such schedule shall be changed in any particular. except by the substitution of another schedule containing the specifications above required, which substituted schedule shall plainly state the time when it shall go into effect, and copies of which, printed as aforesaid, shall be lodged at the depots aforesaid at least five days before the same shall go into effect; and the same shall remain in force until another schedule shall, as aforesaid, be substituted. And it shall be unlawful for any person or persons engaged in carrying property on rail- roads as aforesaid, after thirty days after the passage of this Act, to charge or receive more or less compensation for the carriage, receiving, delivery, loading, unloading, handling, or storing of any of the property contemplated by the twenty- eighth Section of this Act, than shall be indicated in such sched- ule as may at the time be in force. Sec. 33. Each and all of the provisions of this Act shall apply to all property, and the receiving, delivery, loading, unloading, handling, storing, or carriage of the same on one actually or substantially continuous carriage, or as part of such continuous carriage, as provided for in Section 28 of this Act; and the com- pensation therefor, whether such property be carried wholly on one railroad or partly on several railroads, and whether such services are performed or compensation paid by or to one person alone or in connection with another or other persons. Src. 34. Whenever any article or articles of freight shall be shipped to any point within the limits of this State, whether shipped from a point beyond the limits of this State or not, it shall and may be lawful for the consignee or consignees of said article or articles to demand and receive from the agent or agents of the railroad company delivering the same, and before the payment of any charges upon the same, a full and correct 

statement of said charges, showing the total amount to be paid by said consignee or consignees, together with the proportion of the same to be paid to each road over which or any part of which said freight may have passed, whether such road be be yond the limits of this State or not: Provided, That it be within the power of such agent or agents so to do Sec. 35. It shall be a misdemeanor for any railroad agent to refuse to give any consignee or consignees the information set forth in the preceding Section; and upon conviction thereof in any Court of competent jurisdiction, he shall be fined in a sum not to exceed one hundred dollars, nar.to. be less than ten dollars Af or be imprisoned fram, fixe to,thirty days..;. ut Sec. 36. In all cases the railroad gompapy, delivering. fr ‘eight to consignees shall be required to settle, their. freight, gharges, according to the contract as sct forth in the bill of lading from} the shipping point, and they are hereby forbidden to retain the article of freight after the consignee offers and is ready and will- ing to comply with the terms of said bill of lading For viola- ting this Section the penalties shall be the same as prescribed in 4 Section 29 for the offences therein set forth Sec. 37. On and after the passage of this Act all cotton packed in bales transported by common carriers within the limita of this State shall be classed as “heavy goods that is to say an article to be weighed and charged for and treated accordingly Provided, That any common carrier, before receiving such cotton for shipment, shall have the right to demand from the shipper the weights of the several bales thereof, and to adopt the same as the weights upon which freight is to be charged ; and in case of loss, no recovery shall be had by any shipper for a greater amount than the weights so furnished by him Sec. 38. Any baggage master or other person whose duty it is to handle, remove or take care of the baggage of passengers who shall wilfully or recklessly injure or destroy any trunk alise, box, package, or parcel, while loading, transporting, un- loading, delivering, or storing the same, shall be punished by fine not excecding fifty dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding thirty days The Railroad Commissioner Sec. 39. The Railraad Commissioner shall be elected by the joint vote of the General Assembly, and his term of office shall | be for two years, and until his successor shall be elected and 4 The first election for Railroad Commissioner shall qualify 

under this Act shall be held at the session of the General Assem- bly next preceding the expiration of the term of the present incumbent. The salary of the Railroad Commissioner shall be at the rate of twenty-one hundred dollars per annum, to be paid from the treasury of the State in the manner prescribed by law tor the salaries of other State officers. The Railroad Commis- sioner may be suspended from office by order of the Governor, who shall report such suspension, with his reasons therefor, to the General Assembly at its next session; and if a majority of the votes of each branch of the General Assembly shall so declare, the Railroad Commissioner shall be forthwith removed from office, and his office shall be declared vacant. All vacancies in the office of Railroad Commissioner shall be filled by the Gov- ernor in the same manner as vacancies in State offices are filled. The Commissioner shall take the oath of office provided by the Constitution, and the oath against duelling, and in addition thereto shall take and subscribe an oath, that he is not, either jointly or severally, or in any manner, the holder of the stock or bonds or other obligations of any railroad, or the agent or employee of any railroad company, or interested in any way or manner in any railroad; and the Commissioner shall not, during his term of office, either jointly or severally, or in any way, be the holder of the bonds, stock, or other obligations of any rail- road, or the agent or employee of any railroad company, or have any interest, in any way or manner, in any railroad, and so con- tinue during the entire period of his term; and in case the Com- missioner becomes disqualified in any way, he shall within ten days thereafter remove the disqualification or resign, and, on failure so to do, the said office shall become ipso facto vacant, and the Governor shall thereupon proceed to fill such vacancy in the manner hereinbefore provided. In any case of suspen- sion, the Governor may fill the vacancy until the suspended Commissioner is restored or removed: Provided, however, That until the first election under this Act, and the qualification of the person elected Railroad Commissioner at such election, the present Railroad Commissioner shall be invested with all the authority, and shall discharge all the duties of Railroad Com- missioner prescribed in this Act, and this Act shall, in all respects, apply to the said Railroad Commissioner, and to the office of Railroad Commissioner, as if the said Railroad Commissioner had been elected under the provisions of this Act. Src. 40. The Commissioner shall be furnished with an office, necessary furniture and stationery, and may employ a secretary 

or clerk, at a salary of twelve hundred dollars, to be paid in like manner as other salaries provided for in this Ac The office of said Commissioner shall be kept in Columbia, and all sums of moncy authorized to be paid by this Act out of the State Treas ury shall be paid only on the warrant of the Comptroller Gen- eral Provided, That the total sum to be expended by said Commissioner for office rent, furniture, stationery, and for pro- curing books, maps, and statistics, and defraying expenses inci- dental and necessary to the discharge of the duties of his office shall in no case excced the sum of five hundred dollars, (8500, ) and two hundred dollars for office rent, or 850 much thereof as may be necessary, per annum. Sec. 41. The entire expenses of the Railroad Commissioner. including all salaries and expenses of every kind, shall be borne, by the several corporations owning or operating railroads within this State. according to their gross income proportioned to the number of miles in this State, to be apportioned by the Comp-! troller General of the State; who, on or before the first day of October in each and every year, shall assess upon each of said corporations its just proportion of such expenses, in proportion to its said gross income for the current year ending on the thir- tieth day of June next preceding that on which the said assess- ment is made; and the said assessment shall be charged up against the said corporations respectively, under the order and direction of the Comptroller General, and shall be collected by the several County Treasurers, in the manner provided by law for the collection of taxes from such corporations, and shall be paid by the said County Treasurers, as collected, into the Treas- ury of the State, in like manner as other taxes collected by them for the State 9 SrEc The Commissioner and his Secretary shall be trans- ported free of charge when in the performance of the duties of, his office concerning railroads, over all railroads and railroad! trains in this State; he may take with him oxperts, or other agents, whose services he may deem to be temporarily of im- portance, and who shall in like manner be transported free of charge. Src. 43. The Commissioner shall have the general supervision of all railroads and railways in this State operated by steam, and shall examine the same and keep himself informed as ton their condition and the manner in which they are operated, with b reference to the security and accommodation of the public and the compliance of the several corporations with the provisions 

of their charters and the laws of the State; and the provisions of this Act shall apply to all railroads and railways, and to the corporations, trustees, receivers, or others owning or operating the same. Src. 44. Whenever, in the judgment of the Railroad Commis- - sioner, it shall appear that any such corporation has violated any law, or neglected, in any respect or particular, to comply with the terms of its charter, or with the provisions of any of the laws of the State, especially in regard to the connections with other railroads, the rates of toll, and the time schedule, he shall give notice thereof in writing to such corporation, and if the violation or neglect is continued after such notice, the Com- missioner shall make application to a Circuit Court, or a Judge thereof, in vacation, for an injunction to restrain the company complained of from further continuing to violate the law or the terms of its charter. Sec. 45. Whenever, in the judgment of the Railroad Commis- -sioner, it shall appear that repairs are necessary upon any such yailroad, or that any addition to the rolling stock, or any enlarge- ment of, or improvement in, the stations or station houses, or any modification in the rates of fare for transporting freight or passengers, or any change in the mode of operating the road and conducting its business, is reasonable and expedient in order to promote the security, convenience, and accommodation ‘of the public, he shall give information in writing to the corpora- tion of the improvements and changes which he adjudges to be d- proper; and if the said company shall fail, within sixty days, to adopt the suggestions of said Commissioner, he shall take such legal proceedings as he may deem expedient, and shall have authority to call upon the Attorney General ‘to institute and conduct such proceedings. Sec. 46. Upon the complaint and application of the Mayor teand Aldermen or Council of any city, town, or Board of County '- Commissioners of any County within which any part of such ty railroad is located, it shall be the duty of the Railroad Commis- sioner to make an examination of the condition and operation thereof. Before proceeding to make such examination in accord- , ance with such application, said Commissioner shall give to the hg-applicants and the railroad corporation reasonable notice, in writing, of the time and place of entering upon the same. If, upon such examination, it shall appear to the Commissioner to.that the complaint alleged by the applicant is well founded, he shall so adjudge, and shall inform the corporation operating 

such railroad of his adjudication, in the same manner as is pro- vided in Section 37 of this Act; and the company failing for sixty days after such notice to remove the cause of such com- plaint, Le shall make report thereof to the General Assembly for such action as it may deem expedient; or if there be neces- sity for prompt action, he may take such legal proceedings as may be proper, and the Attorney General shall institute and conduct such proceedings Sec. 47. The Railroad Commissioner shall investigate the causes of any accident on a railroad resulting in loss of life, and of any accident not so resulting which, in his judgment, shall require investigation. Sec. 48. Every railroad corporation shall, at all times, on re- quest, furnish the Railroad Commissioner any information re- quired by him concerning the condition, management, and op- d eration of its railroad, and particularly with copies of time: { tables, and also with the rates for transporting freight and pas- | sengers upon its road and other roads with which its business is connected. Src. 49. No request or advice of the Railroad Commissioner shall have the effect to impair, in any manner or degree, the legal duties and obligations of any railroad corporation or itsi legal liability for the consequence of its acts, or of the neglec or mismanagement of any of its agents or servants Sec. 50 The railroad Commissioner shall make an annual re- port to the Legislature of his official acts, including such state- ments, facts, and explanations as will disclose the actual work- ing of the system of railroad transportation in its bearing upon the business and prosperity of the State; and such suggestions as to the general railroad policy of the State, or as to any par thercof, or as to the condition, affairs, or conduct of any of the railroad corporations, as may seem to him appropriate, with a special report of all accidents, and ahs zauses thereof for the preceding year. Sec. 51. The Commissioner shall require the annual reports to be made by railroad companies in manner and form and at the time provided for herein, and shall be authorized to require 4 reports to be made of such other matters as he may deem ex- pedient; and he may, from time to time, make such changes as he may deem proper, in the form of report herein prescribed giving the corporations one year’s notice of any such changes or additions as require any alterations in the method or form of keeping their accounts; and the Commissioner shall, on or be- 

fore the first day of June in each year furnish to the several railroads blank forms of such reports When the report re- ceived from any corporation is defective, or probably errone- ous, the Commissioner shall notify the corporation to amend the same within fifteen days The Commissioner shall prepare such tables and abstracts of all the returns he shall deem ex- b pedient, and his annual report shall be transmitted to the Gov- i ernor of tbe State on or before the second Monday in Novem- ber in each year, to be laid before the Legislature The origi- nals of the report or reports, as amended, subscribed, and sworn to by the officers of the corporation, shall be preserved in the office of the Commissioner Src. 52. All contracts, agreements, or arrangements of any and every nature made or entered into by any railroad com- pany or companies doing business in this State for the pooling, of earnings of any kind, with any other railroad company or companies, shall be forthwith submitted by the said railroad companies to the Commissioner for his inspection and approval so far as they may be affected by any of the provisions con- tained in this Act, for securing to all persons just, equal, and reasonable facilities for transportation of freight and passen- gers; and if the said contracts, agreements, or arrangements shall, in the opinion of the Commissioner, in any way be in violation of any of the provisions of this Act, the Commis- sioner shali forthwith notify the said railroad companies in writing of his objections thereto, specifying such objections ; and if the said railroad companies shall fail or neglect, within five days after such notice, to amend and alter such contract agreement, or arrangement in a manner satisfactory to the Commissioner, the Commissioner shall thereupon call upon the Attorney General to institute and conduct such legal proceed- ings as may be necessary to enforce the penalties prescribed in this Act-for such violations of its provisions Sec. 53. The railroad Commissioner in making any examina- tion for the purpose of obtaining information pursuant to this Act, shall have power to issue subpoenas for the attendance of witnesses by such rules as he may prescribe, and said witnesses -shall receive for such attendance such fees as are now prescribed “by law for witnesses in civil cuses, and five cents per mile trav- elled, by the nearest practicable route, in going to and return- ing from the place to which summoned by the Commissioner, to be paid by the Commissioner, out of the contingent fund herein. before provided, upon presentation of subpenas sworn to by 

the witnesses, as to the number of days served and miles trav- elled, before the clerk of the Commissioner, who is hereby authorized to administer such oaths, and who shall approve such accounts In case any person shall wilfully fail or refuse to obey such subpeena, it shall be the duty of the Judge of the Circuit Court of any County, upon application of the Commis- sioner, to issue an attachment for such witness and compel him to attend before the Commissioner and give his testimony upon such matters as shall be lawfully required by the Commissioner. and said Judge shall have power to punish for contempt as in other cases of refusal to obey the process and order of said Court Src. 54. Every officer, agent, or employee of any railroad com- pany, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to make and furnish any report required by the Commissioner as necessary to the purposes of this Act, or who shall wilfully and unlawfully hin- der, delay, or obstruct, the Commissioner in the discharge of the duties hereby imposed upon, shall forfeit and pay a sum not less than one hundred nor more than five thousand dollars for each offence, to be recovered in an action of debt in the name of the State, by the Attroney General, upon the request of the Commissioner. Sec. 55. The Commissioner may make and propound to any of the railroad companies of this State any interrogatories ad- ditional to those contained in the Schedule and Report herein- before provided, which shall be answered by such companies in the same manner Sec. 56. On the application in writing of a Director, or of any person or persons owning one-fiftieth part of the entire paid-in capital stock of any corporation operating a railroad, or the bonds or other evidences of indebtedness of such corporation equal in amount to one-fiftieth part of its paid-in capital stock the Railroad Commissioner shall make an examination into the books of said corporation Sec. 57. The Railroad Commissioner shall further have, at all times, access to the list of stockbolders of every corporation operating a railroad, and may, in his discretion, at any time, ¢ cause the same to be copied, in whole or in part, for his own information or for the information of persons owing stock in such corporation. Sec. 58. A corporation refusing to submit its books to the ex- amination of the Railroad Commissioner shall be liable to the 

penalties provided in Section 54 of this Act in the case of the neglect or refusal to make a report or return. | Of Connecting Railroads. Sec. 59. It shall not be lawful for any railroad company, chartered by this State, to discriminate againt any railroad com- pany which may connect with it, either at one of its terminal f stations, or at any intermediate point on its line, where said companies have stations and agents established, by neglecting or refusing to deliver with due diligence to said connecting road in the yard or on the track of the same, all cars wholly or part- ly loaded with freight consigned to points on said connecting road, or to points beyond its line; but in-all cases where freight is to be delivered to a connecting road to complete its transpor- tation, such delivery shall be made by the railroad which brought the freight to the connecting point, and no additional charge shall be made therefor: Provided, however, That said delivering road may demand of its connections full payment of all charges which have accrued thereon, on or before delivery of said freight on the tracks or, in the yard of its connecting road. Sec. 60. . It shall not be lawful for any railroad company, r chartered by this State, to discriminate in favor of or against any trailroad company which may connect with it, either at one of Fits terminal stations or at an intermediate point on its line, where said companies have stations and agents established, as against any other railroad company which may connect with it, at the same station or point, by refusing either to receive freight for shipment, or to issue through bills of lading, at equal rates of freight for the same, to any one given destination reached by any or all of such connecting roads, or their connections, for which freight is received, or through bills of lading are issued, to be forwarded by any other of such connecting roads at the same point: Provided, however, If any of said connections shall refuse to transport freight from its own terminus to the ultimate des- tination of said freight, at the same rate as is charged by any other connections at the same point, then the initial road shall be released from the provisions of this Section, and the said con- necting road shall not be entitled to the benefit of its provisions. Sec. 61. It shall not be lawful for any railroad company, char- . tered by this State, to discriminate in its rates of freight in avor of or against any railroad company which may connect With it, either at one of its terminal stations, or at any inter- mediate point on its line; but in all cases the charges on freight 

of the same character, having the same original point of ship- ment and the same destination, shall be uniform to and from all lines making connection with the said railroad at the same point. Sec. 62. In the construction of Sections 59, 60, and 61 of this Act, the term railroad company, chartered by this State, shall be held to mean each railroad company holding its franchisé under a separate charter granted by this State; and no owner- ship of shares of the capital stock of one corporation by another corporation, nor any lease, contract, or other agreement between corporations or individuals, shall operate as a bar to the provi- sions of this Act; but each corporation so chartered shall deal with all its connections at any one point on the same terms, and shall afford the like usual facilities for the interchange of freight between all of its connections at the same point; and any con- tract, combination, joint ownership, or joint management, con- trary to the provisions of this Act, shall be null, void, and of no effect. Running Trains on Sunday. Src. 63. From and after the passage of this Act, it shall be unlawful for any railroad corporation owning or controlling rail- roads operating in this State, to load or unload, or permit to be loaded or unloaded, or to run or permit to be run, on Sunday, any locomotive, cars, or trains of cars, moved by steam powér, except as hereinafter provided, and except to unload cars loaded with animals. Sec. 64. It shall be lawful for said corporations, or persons, to run on said day their regular mail trains and such construction or other trains rendered necessary by extraordinary emergencies other than those incident to freight or passenger traffic. Sec. 66. It shall be lawful for any train running by a schedule made in conformity with the provisions of this Act, but delayed by accident or other unavoidable circumstance, to be run until it reaches the point at which it is usual for it to rest upon a Sun- day. Sgc. 67. For a wilful violation of the provisions of Sections 63, 64, 65, and 66 of this Act, the railroad company so offending shall forfeit to the State five hundred dollars, to be collected in any Court of competent jurisdiction. Cruelty to Animals. Src. 68. No railroad company in the carrying or transporta- tion of animals shall overload the cars, nor permit the animals 

to be confined in cars for a longer period than twenty-eight con- secutive hours without unloading the same for rest, water, and . feeding, unless prevented from so unloading by storm or other accidental causes. In estimating such confinement, the time during which the animals have been confined without rest on connecting roads from which they are received shall be included, it being the intent of this Act to prohibit their continuous con- finement beyond the period of twenty-eight hours, except upon contingencies hereinbefore stated. Animals so unloaded shall be properly fed, watered, and sheltered during such rest by the . owner or the person having the custody thereof, or in case of r his default in so doing, then by the railroad company transport- ing the same, at the expense of the owner or the person in cus- tody thereof; and the said company shall, in said case, have a lien upon said animals for food, care, and custody furnished, and shall not be liable for any detention of such animals authorized by this Act. Any company, owner, or custodian of such animals, who shall fail to comply with the provisions of this Section, shall, for each and every such offence, be liable for and forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than fifty, nor more than five hun- dred dollars, to be paid to the State Treasury: Provided, how- ever, That when animals shall be carried in cars in which they can and do have proper food, water, space, and opportunity for rest, the foregoing provisions in regard to their being unloaded shall not apply. Src. 69. In Section 63 of this Act the word “animal” or “animals” shall be held to include all brute creatures; and the . words “owner,” “person,” and “whoever,” shall be held to include - corporations as well as individuals; and the knowledge and acts of agents of and persons employed by corporations in regard to animals transported, owned, or employed by or in the custody of such corporations, shall be held to be the acts and knowledge of such corporation. Regulations for Preventing Accidents. Sec. 70. In forming a passenger train, baggage, or freight, or ' merchandise, or lumber cars, shall not be placed in rear of pas- senger cars. Sec. 71. Whenever any railroad crosses the track of any other railroad, it shall be the duty of the engineer, or person in con- trol of the train, besides giving the signals required to be given near all crossings, to bring the train to a full 01 complete stop 

before crossing the said track; the same rule to apply to the running of a locomotive by itself without train. Sec. 72. A bell of at least thirty pounds weight and a steam whistle shall be placed on each locomotive engine, and such bell shall be rung, or such whistle sounded by the engineer or fire- man, at the distance of at least five hundred yards from the place where the railroad crosses any public highway or street, or travelled place, and be kept ringing or whistling until the engine has crossed such highway or street or travelled place; and if such engine or cars shall be at a stand still, within a less distance than one hundred rods of such crossing, such bell shall be rung, or such whistle sounded, for at least thirty seconds before such engine shall be moved; and shall be kept ringing or sounding, until such engine shall have crossed such public high- way, or street, or travelled place. Sec. 73. Every railroad corporation shall cause boards to be placed, well supported by posts or otherwise, and constantly maintained, across each public road or street, where the same is crossed by the railroad on the same level. Said board shall be elevated so as not to obstruct the travel, and to be easily seen by travellers. And on each side of said boards shall be printed in large letters of at least the size of nine inches each, the words, “Railroad Crossing ! Look out for the Car while the bell rings or the whistle sounds.” But this section shall not apply to streets in cities, towns, and villages, unless the corporation be required to put up such boards by the officers having charge of such . streets. Sec. 74. Every conductor, baggage master, engineer, brake man, or other servant of any railroad corporation employed on a passenger train, or at stations for passengers, shall wear on his hat or cap a badge which shall indicate his office, and the initial letters of the style of the corporation by which he is em- ployed. No conductor or collector without such badge shall have any authority to meddle or interfere with any passenger, his baggage, or property. And it is the duty of said railroad corporation to see that such badges as aforesaid are worn. Sec. 75. Every railroad company in this State shall cause all its trains of cars for passengers to entirely stop upon each arrival at a station, advertised by such company as a station for receiving passengers upon such trains, for a time sufficient to receive and let off passengers. Sec. 76. The County Commissioners of the respective Counties in this State shall hereafter, at least once in every year, ex- 

amine all the railroad crossings of the public highways in this | State outside of the corporate limits of cities, towns, and vil- llages; and if they find that any of the said crossings, within the i right of way of any railroad company, are unsafe as to the lives of persons, or as to the protection of property, they shall forth- with give written notice thereof to any officer or agent of the railroad within said County. Src. 77. Said County Commissioners, in said notices, shall point out the location of the crossing considered by them un- safe, and shall indicate how and in what manner such crossing shall be constructed so as to secure safety ; and shall have power to require such construction to be made within sixty days. Sec. 78. The Railroad Commissioner shall have authority, upon the application of the County Commissioners, if he deems Pit necessary, require any railroad corporation to have a station- ary flagman at any crossing, the importance of which may de- mand it. Sec. 79. The said railroad company, after receiving such notice, and within ten days after such reception, may ap- ply to the Circuit Court of the respective Circuit in which such crossing is situated, or to a Judge thereof if the Court be not in session, and claim a re-examination of the said locality, and a revision of the action of the said Railroad Commissioner, and the said Court or Judge, as the case may be, shall appoint forthwith, some civil engineer, not connected with any railroad, to examine into the matter forthwith, and he may either affirm the demand of said Railroad Commissioner, or modify it, and his determination shall be final. Sec. 80. All railroad companies shall, within the time indi- cated time aforesaid, by the Railroad Commissioner or County Commissioners, as the case may be, or within the time given by the said civil engineer to said corporation upon re-examination, maintain and construct said crossing in the manner demanded of them by said Railroad Commissioner or County Commission- ers or civil engineer, or station a flagman,.if such be required, at the locality where such has been found necessary as afore- said. Sec. 81. The County Commissioners shall make a report of their yearly examination to the Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas for such County, which is to be laid before the said Court, together with a copy of all notices given by them as aforesaid; and they shall be allowed compensation by the County for any services rendered under this Act, at the same rate per day as is 

provided for other services rendered by them; and the said civil engineer, appointed as aforesaid, shall also be paid a reasonable compensation for his services by the said County, if the recom- dations of such Commissioners are not in whole or in part adopted ; but if such recommendations be so adopted, then the railroad company shall pay the compensation of such engineer: Sec. 82. The County Commissioners shall keep a record of the duties performed, and copies of notices served under the provisions of this Act, which shall become a part of the records of their office. Sec. 83. That every railroad company owning or operating a railroad within this State shall erect and keep at every office where tickets are sold for travel over its road, two good rooms or apartments of reasonable size for the amount of travel at such office, which shall be furnished with comfortable seats for the accommodation of passengers. Such rooms to be in charge of an employee of such company, and kept open at such hours as to accommodate passengers travelling over such road on any of its passenger trains; and it shall be the duty of the Railroad Commissioner to enforce the provisions of this Section. Sec. 84. That whenever any passenger train on-any railroad in this State shall be more than one-half of one hour behind its schedule time, it shall be the duty of such Railroad Company to keep posted at every telegraph station along its line the time such train is behind its schedule, and shall change such bulletin every half-hour until such train arrives; stating therein the time which such train-is behind and the hour at which it is expected to arrive: Provided, That such bulletins shall not be required to be posted at any station until one-half hour before the regular schedule time at which such ‘train is to arrive at the station at which such bulletin is required to be kept. Sec. 85. It shall be the especial duty of the County Commis- sioners to see that sign boards, as prescribed in this Act, are at all times properly put up at railroad crossings. Src. 86. If any of the County Commissioners neglect or fail to comply with any of the provisions of this Act applicable to County Commissioners, the County Commissioner so offending shall be liable to be indicted for neglect of duty, and on convic- tion, fined in a sum not. less than one hundred dollars nor more than five hundred dollars, and as a part of the judgment his office shall be declared vacant. Sec. 87. Every railroad corporation shall at its own expense construct, and afterwards maintain and keep in repair, all . 

bridges, with their approaches or abutments, which it is author- ized or required to construct over or under any turnpike road, ,canal, highway, or other way; and any city or town may re- cover of the railroad corporation whose road crosses a highway or town therein, all damages, charges, and expenses incurred by such city or town by reason of the neglect or refusal of the cor- poration to erect or keep in repair all structures required or necessary at such crossing; but if, after laying out and mak- ing, of a railroad, the County Commissioners have authorized a turnpike, highway, or other way, to be laid out across the rail- road, all expenses of and incident to constructing and maintain- ing the turnpike or way at such crossing shall be borne by the turnpike corporation, or the County, city, town, or other owner of the same. Regulations Relating to the Equipment of Cars and Trains. Src. 88. Every railroad corporation shall cause a good and sufficient brake to be attached to every car used upon its rail- road for the transportation of passengers, and to every car used for the transportation of freight, except four-wheeled freight cars used only for that purpose; and shall cause to be stationed on every passenger train trusty and skilful brakemen, equal in ‘number at least to one for every two cars in the train, except on passenger trains, where power brakes are used, and one such brakeman upon the last car of every freight train, which must always be equipped with a good and sufficient brake. Src. 89. Every railroad corporation shall equip each of its , trains, for use in case of accident, with such tools and appliances as the Railroad Commissioner may direct. Src. 90. No passenger cars on any railroad shall be lighted | by naphtha, or by any illuminating oil or fluid, made in part of 10 - naphtha, or wholly or in part from coal or petroleum, or other e substance or material which will ignite at a temperature of less And all stoves shall be than three hundred degrees Fahrenheit. securely fastened to their places. Any railroad corporation which violates the provisions of this Section shall forfeit a sum not exceeding five hundred dollars. Accommodation for Passengers. Src. 91. Every railroad corporation shall furnish reasonable *accommodations for the convenience and safety of passengers; and for every wilful ne-lect to provide the same, shall forfeit 

STU Up y not less than five nor more than twenty dollars, to be recovered in an action against such corporation. Sec. 92. Every railroad corporation, when requested, shall give checks to passengers for their baggage when delivered for transportation in good shipping order, and shall re-deliver the same to the passengers upon the surrender of their checks. Any corporation which wilfully refuses to comply with the pro- visions of this Section shall forfeit ten dollars for each offence. Explosive Compounds. Sec. 93. No railroad corporation, or other association, co-part- nership, person or persons, engaged in the transportation of passengers within this State, shall knowingly transport within the territorial limits of this State, or transport into such limits for sale, storage, or use therein, any explosive compound in quantities exceeding the amounts hereinafter provided for, in any vehicle containing passengers, or in any vehicle attached to any railroad train or vehicle conveying passengers; nor in any case unless the said explosive compounds be plainly and legibly marked with the names of such compounds, and the words “ez- plosive—dangerous.” Itshall be the duty of the Railroad Commis- sioner, from time to time, to make rules fixing the maximum amounts of various explosive compounds which may be so car- ried in any public vehicle, or in a railroad train containing pas- Sengers, or in a vehicle attached to such train. The said rules shall also define the method of packing such compounds to ensure the greatest safety, and shall prescribe how the same shall be carried as freight on railroads, steamboats, and by common carriers. Src. 94. No person shall deliver for transportation to any rail- road corporation, street railway company, or other association, co-partnership, persons or person, engaged in the transportation of passengers within this State, or take or place upon or in any ear, boat, or other vehicle of any such corporation, company, association, co-partnership, or person, with intent that the same shall be carried or transported on such car, boat, or other vehicle, any explosive compound mentioned in this Act, unless the same is packed and marked as herein provided, and notice of the dangerous nature thereof is expressly given to the agent, servant, or person, to whom it is delivered, or to the agent, servant, or person, having at the time the management and con- trol of the car, boat, or other vehicle in or upon which the same is to be carried or transported. And any common carrier may 

decline to receive to transport any such explosive compound in any manner w hatever. Sec. 95. Whoever knowingly violates or knowingly causes or permits the violation of any provision of the two preceding Section (§§ 93-94), or knowingly transports, or causes or permits the transportation of any explosive compound, in any manner other than in conformity with the rules made by the Railroad Commissioner, shall be punished by a fine of not less than fifty nor more than five thousand dollars, or by imprisonment in the State prison, not exceeding five years. Sec. 96. Upon complaint made under oath to a ‘Trial Justice. . that the complainant has probable cause to believe, and dovs believe, that an explosive compound is had, kept, or to be found. in any city, town, or other place within the jurisdiction of such Justice, by any railroad corporation, contrary to law, a warrant may issue, directed to the Sheriff of the County. or his Deputy. or to any Constable of such city or town, commanding him to enter any building, vehicle, ship, or other vessel specified in the warrant, and there make diligent search for and seize such ex- plosive compound, and to make return of his doings to said Justice forthwith. Sec. 97. Any explosive compound had, kept, or transported eon. r trary to the provisions of this Act, and seized under the preceding Section, may be adjudged forfeited after due notice and hearing. and may be ordered to be destroyed in such manner as the Court or Magistrate may direct. Sec. 98. Any person who may suffer injury by the explosion of any explosive compound while the same is being kept or transported contrary to the provisions of this Act, or the er. dinances, rules, or by-laws made in conformity to it, may r- cover damages for the injury thus sustained, in an action against the parties so violating the provisions of this Act, or the ordin- ances, rules, or by-laws made in conformity herewith. Src. 99. By the words “explosive compound,” as used in this ; Act, shall be understood gun-cotton, nitro-glycerine, or any other compound of the same; any fulminate, or, generally » any sub stance intended to be used by exploding or igniting the same, to produce a force to propel missiles or to rend apart subst ance, except gunpowder. Damages by Fire. Insurance. Sec. 100. Every railroad corporation shall be responsib le in damages to any person or corporation whose buildings or other 

property may be injured by fire communicated by its locomotiv engines, or originating within the limits of the right of way of said road in consequence of the act of any of its authorized § agents or employees, except in any case where property shall | have been placed on the right of way of such corporation un- lawfully or without its consent, and shall have an insurable in- terest in the property upon its route for which it may be so held responsible, and may procure insurance thereon in its own be- half. Opening New Roads Sec. 101. No railroad, branch, or extension of a railroad, shall hereafter be opened for public use until the Railroad Commis- sioner, after an examination, certify that all laws relating to the | construction thereof have been complied with, and that ire xondl appears to be in a safe condition for operation, unless the said’ Commissioner shall, after the ten day written notice to him by the said railroad company of such proposed opening, fail to make such examination and certificate Accommodations regarding Merchandise Src. 102. Whenever any person delivers to a railroad corpora- tion for ansportation any commodity not extra hazardous in its character, such corporation shall give to the shipper thereof if requested at the time of the delivery of such commodity. receipt for the same, describing such commodity, or the marks and numbers on. packages so received for transportation, and no additional charge shall be made for giving such receipt. Any railroad corporation which refuses to give such receipt shall pay to the person entitled to the same the sum of fifty dollars, to be recovered in an action in any Court of competent jurisdic- tion In case of the loss of, or damage to, any article, or articles delivered to any railroad corporation for transportation over its own and connecting roads, the initial corporation, or corpora- tion first receiving the same, shall, in every case, be liable for j such loss or damage, but may discharge itself from such liabili- ty by the production of a receipt, in writing, for the said article or articles, from the corporation to whom it was its duty to de- liver such article or articles in the regular course of transporta- tion In which event the said connecting road or roads shall be severally so liable, but may in succession, and in like manner discharge itself or themselves therefrom Provided, however That if either, or any, of the said railroad corporations, shall 

wilfully fail or refuse, upon reasonable demand being made to it by any party interested in the production of such receipt, to produce the same, then it shall not be entitled to claim the benefit of such exemption in any action against the said railroad corporation to render it liable for such loss or damage. Src. 103. Every railroad corporation shall promptly forward h- merchandise consigned or directed to be sent over another road ° connecting with its road, according to the directions contained thereon or accompanying the same, and shall not receive and forward over its road any merchandise consigned, ordered, or expressly directed to be received and forwarded by a different route. Offences and Penalties Therefor. - Sec. 104. Whoever, without right, loiters or remains within - any station house of a railroad corporation, or upon the plat- form or grounds adjacent to such station, after being requested to leave the same by any railroad officer, shall forfeit a sum not less than two nor more than twenty dollars. Sec. 105. Conductors of railroad trains, and station or depot agents, are hereby declared to be conservators of the peace, and they, and each of them, shall have the same power to make arrests that Constables now have, except that the conductors shall only have such power on board their respective trains, and the agents at their respective places of business; and the said conductors and agents may cause any person or persons 80 arrested by them to be detained and delivered to the proper authorities for trial as soon as practicable. Sxc. 106. Whoever fraudulently evades or attempts to evade ithe payment of any toll or fare lawfully established by a rail- road corporation, either by giving a false answer to the collector of the toll or fare, or by travelling beyond the point to which he has paid the same, or by leaving the train without having paid the toll or fare established for the distance travelled, or otherwise, shall forfeit a sum not less than five nor more than twenty dollars. Whoever does not upon demand first pay such toll or fare shall not be entitled to be transported for any distance. Sxc. 107. Whoever wilfully and maliciously injures in any way any railroad or any thing appertaining thereto, or any ma- ‘terials or implements for the construction or use thereof, or aids or abets in such trespass, shall forfeit to the use of the corpora- tion for each offence treble the amount of damages proved to 

have been sustained thereby, to be recovered in an action of tort in the name of the corporation; and may further be punished by fine not exceeding one thousand dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding ono year. Sec. 108. Whoever commits any of the acts mentioned in the preceding Section [Section 107], in such manner as thereby to } endanger life, shall be punished as provided in said Section, or by imprisonment in the Penitentiary not exceeding twenty years Sec. 109. If any person or persons shall by himself or others place, or cause to be placed, on the track or other part of the passage way of any railroads on which steam engines or hand cars are used, any timber, stone, or other obstruction, with in- tent to injure or impede the passage of any cars or means of conveyance, or shall in any other manner obstruct any engine or car passing upon such railroad, or endangers the safety of persons conveyed in or upon the same, or aids or assists therein, such person or persons shall be deemed guilty of felony, and on being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be punished by imprisonment in the Penitentiary for not exceeding thirty years, and fined in the discretion of the Court, except where the death of some human being results from such impediment and in that case the offender shall be adjudged guilty of murder and shall suffer deatb: Provided, That nothing herein shall in any manner take away any right of action for damages for in- juries to the person or property of any person or body corporate caused by any injury, obstruction, or damage done to any rail- road or its buildings, tracks, or constructions Sgc. 110. Whoever wilfully does or causes to be done any thing with intent to obstruct any engine or carriage passing 4 upon a railroad, or with intent to endanger the safety of per- sons conveyed in or upon the same, or aids or assists therein shall be punished by imprisonment in the State Penitentiary not more than five years, or by fine not exceeding five hundred dollars and imprisonment in the County jail not more than one year, and shall forfeit to the use of the corporation for each offence treble the amount of damages proved to have been sus- tained thereby, to be recovered in an action in any Court of competent jurisdiction Sec. 111. Whoever breaks and enters, in the night-time, any railroad car, or enters in the night-time without breaking, or breaks and enters in the day-time, or shoots with any fire-arm into any railroad car, with intent to commit the crime of larceny or any other crime, shall, in addition to any other punishment 

now prescribed by law for such offence, be punished by impris- onment in the State Penitentiary not exceeding ten years, or by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars. Sec. 112. Whoever unlawfully and intentionally injures, mo- olests, or destroys, any of the electric signals of a railroad cor- 

Sec. 116. Whoever, having management of, or control over, railroad train while being used for the common carriage of per sons, is guilty of gross carelessness or neglect in or in relatio to the management or. control thereof, shall forfeit a sum no exceeding five thousand dollars, or be imprisoned not more tha three years. Sec. 117. Whenever a cause of action shall arise against any railroad corporation, for personal injury, or injury to property sustained by any person or persons, and such cause of actio shall be prosecuted to judgment by person or persons injured or his or their legal representatives, said judgment shall relate back to the date when the cause of action arose, and shall be lien as of that date, of equal force and effect with the lien of employees for wages, upon the income, property, and franchises of said corporation, enforcible in any Court of competent juris- diction, by attachment or levy and sale under execution, and shall take precedence and priority of payment of any mortgage, deed of trust, or other security given to secure the payment o: bonds made by said railroad company: Provided, Any action brought under this Section shall be commenced within twelve months from the time that said injury shall have been sus- tained. Sec. 118. If a person is injured in his person or property by collision with the engines or cars of a railroad corporation at a crossing, and it appears that the corporation neglected to give the signals required by this Act, and that such neglect contrib- uted to the injury, the corporation shall be liable for all damages caused by the collision, or to a fine recoverable by indictment, as provided in the preceding Section, unless it is shown that, in addition to a mere want of ordinary care, the person injured, or the person having charge of his person or property, was, at the time of the collision, guilty of gross or wilful negligence, or was acting in violation of the law; and that such gross or wilful negligence or unlawful act contributed to the injury. Crossings of one Railroad with Another, or over Navigable Waters. Sec. 119. No railroad shall be constructed to cross another rail- road at thesame level therewith, or across navigable or tide waters, without the consent, in writing, of the Railroad Commissioner, and in such manner as he shall prescribe. It shall be unlawful 4 for any corporation proceeding to construct a branch or exten- ] sion, or otherwise to take any proceedings contemplating a new crossing of one railroad with another, at the same level there- 19 A&JR 

with, unless such crossing shall first have been approved, in vriting, by the Railroad Commissioner; and the preliminary pproval of any plan for such crossing sball always be made And the Court of ubject to revision by the Commissioner. (‘common Pleas shall have full equity jurisdiction, on informa tion filed by the Attorney General, in case of any violation of the provisions of this Section. Crossing of Railroads with Highways and other Ways—Croasings Over or Under. Sec. 120. When a railroad is laid out across a highway or other way, it shall be constructed so as not to obstruct the same. Sec. 121. A railroad corporation may raise or lower any higb- way or other way for the purpose of having its road pass over or under the same; but before proceeding to cross, alter. or excavate for the purpose of crossing the way, it shall obtain from the County Commissioners a decree prescribing what alterations may be made in the way, and the manner and time of making the alterations or structures the Commissioners may require at the crossing; and before entering upon, excavating. or altering the way, shall give security satistactory to the Com. missioners of the County in which the crossing is situated that it will faithfully comply with the requirements of the decree t« the acceptance of the Commissioners, and indemnify the city or town from all damages and charges by reason of any failure s* to do: Provided, That where such highway or other way shall be within the corporate limits of any city, town, or village. such permission shall be obtained from, and security be given to, the proper municipal authorities thereof, instead of from and to the said County Commissioners. Alteration to Facilitate or Avoid Crossing. Sec. 122. A railroad corporation may alter the course of s highway or other way, other than a street in any iMeorporatei city, town, or village, for the purpose of facilitating the cro» ings of the same by its road, or permitting its road to pass at the side thereof without crossing, upon obtaining a decree « the County Commissioners prescribing the manner and tim of such alteration. The corporation shall pay all damages oc casioned to private property by the alteration, as in the case © land taken for its road. 

Sec. 123. A railroad corporation whose road is crossed by a highway or other way on a level therewith shall, at its own expense, so guard or protect its rails by plank, timber, or other- wise, as to secure a sufe and easy passage across its road; and if, in the opinion of the County Commissioners, or if such high- way or other way be within the corporate limits of any city, town, or village, then the proper municipal authorities thereof, any subsequent altcration of the highway or other way, or any additional safeguards, are required at the crossing, they may order the corporation to establish the same. Highways, &c., Laid out Over Railroads Previously Constructed. . Sec. 124. A highway or town way may be laid out across a railroad previously constiucted, when the County Commission- ers adjudge that the public convenience and necessity require the same; and in such case, after due notice to the railroad cor- poration, and hearing all parties interested, they may thus lay out # highway across a railroad, or may authorize a city or town, on petition of the Mayor and Aldermen thereof, to lay out # way across a railroad in such manner as not to injure or obstruct the railroad. Of Cattle Guards. Sec. 125. The several railroad companies whose line of road lies wholly or partly in this State are hereby required to con- struct and keep in repair an adequite stock-guard or cattle-gap at every point where the line of said railroad of any such com- pany crosses or may hereafter cross the line of any fence in this State. * Suc. 126. For every violation of Section 119 of this Act, the railroad company so violating it shall pay to the owner or own- ers of the fence upon the line of which such stock-guard or cattle-vap should have been constructed and kept in repair, the sum of one hundred dollars, to be recovered by action in the Court of Common Pleas for the County in which such stock- guard or cattle-gap should have been constructed and kept in repair, Offences by Employees of Railroads. Sec. 127. Any engineer, conductor, or other agent or employee of'any railroad company in this State, whoshall wilfully neglect to 

observe or shall wilfully violate any rule or regulation of the com- , pany to which such engineer or conductor may belong, whereby i any person or persons shall sustain, or be in danger of sustain- ning, any bodily injury, such engineer, conductor, or other agent or employee, shall be liable to be indicted for every such offence, and, upon conviction thereof, be fined two hundred dollars and imprisoned not exceeding one year, at the discretion of the Judge before whom such case may be tried: Provided, however. That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to relieve such engineer or conductor from responsibility in cases where the life of any person is destroyed, under the law as it now exists Penalties. . Sec. 128. Each and every act, matter, or thing in this Act de- clared to be unlawful, is hereby proliibited; and in case any person or persons as defined in this Act, engaged as aforesaid shall do, suffer, or permit to be done, any act, matter, or thing in this Act prohibited or forbidden, or shall omit to do any act. matter, or thing in this Act required to be done, or shall be guilty of any violation of the provisions of this Act, such person or persons shall, where no specific penalty is hereinbefore al- ready provided for such violation, forfeit and pay to the person or persons who may sustain damage thereby, a sum equal to three times the amount of the damages so sustained, to be recovered by the person or persons so damaged, by suit in any Circuit Court in this State, where the person or persons causing such damage can be found, or may have an agent, office, or place of business (Provided, however, That in any such case of recovery, the damage shall not be assessed at a less sum than one hundred dollars;) and the person or persons so offending shall for each offence forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than two hundred dollars, to be recovered by the State, by action in any Circuit Court aforesaid, to be brought by the Attorney General upon the request of the Railroad Commissioner. Any action to be. brought as aforesaid to recover any such penalty or damages may be considered, and, ifso brought, shall be regarded as a subject of equity jurisdiction and discovery, and affirmative relief may be sought and obtained therein In any such action so brought as a case of equitable cognizance, preliminary or final injunctions may, without allegation or proof of damage to any plaintiff or complainant, be granted upon proper application, restraining, forbidding, and prohibiting the commission or con- 

tinuance of any acts, matters, or thing, within the terms or pur- view of this Act prohibited or forbidden In any action afore- said, and upon any application for any injunction above provided for, any director, officer, receiver, or trustee of any corporation or company aforesaid, or any receiver, trustee, or person afore- said, or any agent of any such corporation ur company, receiver. trustee, or person aforesaid, or of any of them alone or with any other person or persons, party or parties, may and shall be compelled to attend, appear, and testify and give evidence; and no claim that any such testimony or evidence might or might not tend to criminate the person testifying or giving evidence shall be of any avail; but such evidence or testimony shall not be used as against such person on the trial of any indictment against him The attendance and appearance of any of the per- sons who, as aforesaid, may be compelled to appear or teatify and the giving of the testimony or evidence by the same respectively, and the production of books and papers thereby. may and shall be compelled, the same as in the case of any other witness ; and in case any such deposition or evidence, or the production of any books or papers may be desired or required for the purpose of applying for or sustaining any injunction aforesaid, the same, and the production of books and papers, may and shal] be had, taken, and compelled, by or before the Clerk of the Court in which such action is pending, or in any manner provided or to be provided for, as to the taking of other depositions or evidence, or the attendance of witnesses, or the production of other books or papers, in or by the laws of this State No action aforesaid shall be sustained unless brought And within two years after the cause of action shall accrue any judgment, under the provisions of this Act, shall be rendered against the person or persons violating its provisions and against the corporation or corporations in whose service or under whose authority they perform such unlawful acts. Sec. 129. Any director or officer of any corporation or com- pany acting or engaged as aforesaid, or any receiver or trustee lessee or person acting or engaged as aforesaid, or any agent of any such corporation or company, receiver, trustee, or person ! aforesaid, or of one of them alone, or with any other corporation, company, person, or party, who shall directly or indirectly do, or cause or willingly suffer or permit to be done, any act, mat- ter, or thing in this Act prohibited or forbidden; or directly or indirectly aid or abet therein, or shall directly or indirectly omit or fail to do any act, matter, or thing in this Act required to be 

done, or cause or willingly suffer or permit any act, matter, or thing so directed or required to be done, not to be so done, or shall directly or indirectly aid or abet any such omission or failure, or shall directly or indirectly be guilty of any infraction of this Act, or directly or indirectly aid or abet therein, shall unless otherwise hereinbefore specially provided, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less than two hundred dollars Sec. 130. Nothing in this Act shall apply to the carriage, re- rceiving, storing, handling, or forwarding of property, carried ‘for the United States or any State thereof at lower rates of freight and charges than for the general public, or to the trans- portation of articles free, or at reduced rates of freight for charitable purposes, or to or from public fairs and expositions for exhibition Sec. 131. In the case of all fines or forfeitures, provided for or prescribed in this Act, such fines or forfeitures shall be col- lected by an actian to be brought in the name of the State against the offending person or corporationin any Court of com- petent jurisdiction, by the Attorney General of this State, or the Solicitor of the Circuit in which the offence is in whole or in part committed. And upon recovery in any such action, the Attorney General or the Solicitor, as the case may be, conduct- ing such proceedings, shall be entitled to a compensation of ten per cent. of the amount’so recovered and actually collected, and the balance shall go to the State. Sec. 132. The words “person or persons,” as used in this Act, except where otherwise provided, shall be construed and held to mean person or persons, officer or officers, corporation or corpo- rations company or companies, receiver or receivers. trustee or trustees, lessee or lessees, agent or agents, or other person or persons acting or engaged in any of the matters and things mentioned in this Act Sec. 133. In all cases under the provisions of this Act. the rules of evidence shall be the same as in civil actions, except as hereinbefore otherwise provided Sec. 134. This Act shall not be so construed as to waive or affect the right of any person injured by the violation of any y law in regard to railroad corporations from prosecuting or pro- ceeding for his private damages in any manner allowed by law But the remedies hereby given the persons injured, shall be re- garded as cumulative to any and all the remedies now given by or existing at law against railroad corporations 

Src. 135. Whenever any of the railroad corporations of this State have repeatedly and wilfully violated any of the provis- ions of this Act, and have been found guilty, or judgment had! against them within this State of such violation, more than. once, or penalties have been recovered in penal actions for: such violations, more than once, the Commissioner may, if he think it consistent with the public interest, instruct the Attorney General to proceed against such corporation, in any Court of competent jurisdiction, by an information in the nature of a quo warranto, alleging such conviction or recoveries as cause of forfeiture of their respective charters or incorporations, and upon proof of the same, there shall be judgment of ouster and final execution as in other cases of proceedings by quo warranto Repealing Clause. Src. 136. The Acts and parts of Acts named in the following schedule are hereby repealed SCHEDULE GENERAL STATUTES Cnraprern LXV. Pace 366—Or RarLroap CorPoRATIONS Sections 17 and 18, Chapter CXXVIIT, of Title I.. Part 4 “An Act to enable the purchasers of Railroads to form corporations, and Acts of the year 1876, page 160 to exercise corporate powers, and to define their rights, powers, and privileges Acts of the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Seventy- Eight Sec. 3 of “Act for the prevention of 16 Statutes at Large, page 492 { cruelty to animals 17 Stats. at Large, pages 784 “An Act to prevent unjust discrimi- and 785 occ ence crennerececcecece nation by common Carriers 17 Stats. at Large, pages 789 to “An Act to createa Railroad Comm’r 792. Pore ee eee Terr ec errr rere rerieen) { for the State of South Carolina.” 

Acts of the Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Seventy-Nine. “An Act to require Railroads to fur- nish consignees an itemized state- Acts of Assembly, 1879, pages ment of freight charges, and re- 24 and 25 swe eee rere ccceecveves quiring them to settle according to the bill of lading.” “An Act to prohibit the running of| freight trains and to regulate the Actsof Assembly, 1879, page 42, running of passenger and mail trains on Sunday.” “An Act to amend Part 4, Title I., Acts of Assembly, 1879, page | Chapter 128, and Section 18, of 101 cere cece ccc ccrccrereccressecs the Revised Statutes, relating to obstructing Railroads.” “An Act to regulate the Classification Acts of Assembly, 1879, page of Cotton in Bales by Railroads and 196 pee cere e eee cc wc nnsescccceneee | other Common Carriers in this [ State.” Acts of the Year One Thousand Fight Hundred and Highty. “An Act to require all Railroad Com- panies in this State to construct and keep in repair an adequate Stock Acts of Assembly, 1880, page 328 Cee eee ae creer encrerereceeecee Guard or Cattle Gap at every point where the line of Railroad of any such Company crosses the line of any fence in this State.” “ An Act to require the Railroad Com- panies chartered by this State to close their Yearly Accounts on the Acts of Assembly, 1880, page 30th day of June, and to make 416 ee eee eee their Annual Returns to the Rail- road Commissioner on or before the 31st day of August of each Year.” Src. 137. The repeal of certain Sections of the General Statutes and of certain Acts, as provided in the preceding Section hereof, 

shall not revive any law heretofore repealed or superseded, no any office heretofore abolished ; it shall not affect any act done, or any right accruing, accrued, or established, or any proceed- ings, doings, or acts ratified or confirmed, or any suit or pro- ceeding had or commenced before the repeal takes effect, but| the proceedings therein shall, when necessary, conform to the provisions of this Act; it shall not affect any penalty or foar- feiture incurred before it takes effect, under any of the laws repealed, except that where a punishment, penalty, or forfeiture is mitigated by the provisions of this Act, such provisions may be extended and applied to any judgment pronounced after said repeal; it shall not affect any suit or prosecution pending at the time of the repeal for an offence committed, or for the recovery of a penalty or forfeiture incurred under any of the Acts repealed, except that the proceedings therein shall, when neces- sary, conform to the provisions of this Act; and when a limita- tion or period of time prescribed in any of the Acts repealed, for acquiring a right or barring a remedy, or any other purpose, has begun to run, and the same or similar limitation is pre- scribed in this Act, the time of limitation shall continue to run, and shall have like effect as if the whole period had begun and ended under the operation of this Act. The provisions of this Act, so far as they are the same as those of existing laws, shall be construed as a continuation of such laws, and not as new enactments, and references in laws not repealed to provisions of laws incorporated into this Act and repealed, shall be con- strued as applying to the same provisiuns so incorporated. Sec. 138. This Act shall take effect on the first day of Febru- ary, in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, one thou- sand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. 882. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1 ON td OOT) 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO REGULATE THE TIME OF HOLDING THE CiRcUIT CouRTS OF THE FourtH Crx- CUIT,” APPROVED DECEMBER 20, 1881. Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met. and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act to regulate the time of holding the Circuit Courts of the Fourth Circuit,” approved December 20, 1881, be, and the same is hereby, amended by striking out the worth “fourth,” on the twenty-eighth line of Section one of said Act, and inserting in lieu thereof the word “‘hird.” Sxc. 2. That this Act shall take effect immediately after its passage. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To cHARTER THE AMERICAN EXCHANGE AND Promot- ING CoMPANY oF CHARLESTON, S. C. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That . the “American Exchange and Promoting Company of Charles- ton, S. C.,” is hereby incorporated, to be located in Charleston, S. C., and have its principal office there; said corporation shall be organized and possess such power and privileges as herein- after mentioned, viz.: That the said corporation shall have suc- - cession, and shall be and is hereby made capable in law to pur- chase, have, enjoy and retain to it and its successors, lands, tenements, rents, goods, chattels, and effects, of whatsoever kind, nature, or quality whatsoever, and the same to sell, alien, or dispose of as may seem to them discreet and proper; to sue and be sued ; to defend and be defended in any Court or place what- soever; to make have an1 use a common seal, which they may 

alter or renew at pleasure, and also to provide and put in execu- tion such by-laws and regulations as they may deem requisite for the well ordering and prosperity of the said corporation Sc. 2. The capital stock of this corporation shall be $20,000 in shares of $50 each, but which stock may be increased from time to time to $500.000 in such manner as the Board of Direc- tors may provide, or as the by-laws shall ordain Src. 3. The Company is hereby authorized to receive moneys in trust or on deposit for loan, investment, &c., and may allow j interest therefor, payable in dividends or ether forms of' dis-] bursement, and at such times as may be agreed upon, or as the by-laws shall prescribe It is empowered to invest its capital or other funds in bank or other stock, or bonds &c., of the United States, or in bonds of the respective States, or such other securities as it may deem prudential, to loan money on real or personal security, to discount and deal in notes, bonds and bills of exchange or other evidences of debt, and upon such terms as the Board of Directors may establish, or may be agreed upon between the parties not inconsistent with the laws of this State The Company is also authorized to accept and execute all such trusts of every description, as may be com- mitted to it by any person or persons whomsoever, or by any corporation, or that may be confided to it by order of any Court and it is furthermore authorized to take and accept by grant assignment, transfer, devise, or bequest, and hold any real or personal estate in trust, created in accordance with the laws of this State, and may execute such legal trusts on terms that may be established and that may be agreed upon by the parties Src. 4. The corporate powers of this Company shall be vested in a Board of seven Directors, who shall be elected by the sub- scribers to the capital stock from their own number, as pre- scribed in Section 9 of this Act and annually thereafter, which Board shall appoint one of its own number President, and may fill temporary vacancies in their own body. The Board shall also appoint necessary sub-officers and agents to serve during its pleasure, and shall prescribe their duties and compensation and shall require such bonds and securities as they may deem proper Src. 5. Each subscriber to stock in the Company shall, at such time as may be designated by the Board of Directors after its organization, pay ten dollars per share upon the stock stand ing in his or her name, and on the first Monday of each calen- dar month thereafter shall also pay such sum as the Board of 

Directors shall determine, not to exceed five dollars per share upon the stock, until the par value of fifty dollars per share shall have been paid in. Sec. 6. If an instalment called for by the Board shall not be paid within ten days of the time designated, the stock of the delinquent may, at the discretion of the Board, be sold at public auction, and the proceeds thereof shall be paid to. said delin- quent after deducting therefrom all expenses accruing from the sale, and after the pro rata amount of the current expenses of the Company and the pro rata amount of its losses shall have been ascertained and paid: Provided, That parties whose sub- scriptions shall have reached the value of one or more shares may be allowed the privilege of having certificates of stock is sued for the amounts so paid in, and the surplus, if any, re funded. . Sec. 7. When fifty dollars, or the par value of the stock, shall have been reached by payment of instalments, or otherwise. scrip or certificates of stock shall be issued to the stockholder for the number of shares standing in their names respectively, signed by the President and Cashier and bearing the seal of the Company. Sec. 8. The Company is authorized to establish branch offices or agencies, us it may determine, in which event the transac. tions conducted thereat shall be regarded as part of the general business of the Company, and shall be reported to the office at Charleston as often as the Board may determine. Sec. 9. That Robert C. Gilchrist and William P. Fleming are appointed Commissioners, who, by themselves, or by an agent appointed by them in writing, are authorized to receive sub. scriptions to the capital stock of this corporation, and when a majority of the shares shall have been taken the said Commis sioners, shall, at the earliest time advisable, after the ratification of this Act, appoint a day of meeting in the city of Charleston for the purpose of organizing the Company, of which due no- tice shall be given to the subscribers by said Commissioners, at least five days prior to the day of meeting. At said meeting. or at some adjournment thereof called for the purpose of or- ganization, the organization shall be effected substantially as follows, viz.: Ist. By the adoption of a resolution accepting this charter. 2d. By adoption of by-laws for the government of the officers, &c., of the corporation, and by electing a Board of Directors. Should any irregulurities occur in effecting said or- ganization, the stockholders may correct the same at any meet- 

ing called for the purpose, due notice as above to *be given of the same Sec. 10. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount besides the par value of his share or shares therein, not exceed- ing five per centum of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Pro- vided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, or trus- tee, or in any other fiduciary capacity Sec. 11. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall take effect and be of full force immediately after its passage, and shall continue in force thirty years In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _ AN ACT to amMEeND Coapter XCVII. or Titre V., Part II., or THE GENERAL STATUTES OF THIS STATE, RELATING TO ASSIGN- MENTS OF INSOLVENT DEBROES- Be it enacted by the Senate and House of - Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Chapter XCVII. of Title V., Part II., of the General Statutes of this State, be, and the same is hereby, amended by adding thereto the following as Sections 10, 11, and 12 of the said Chapter “Sxc. 10. That any assignment by an insolvent debtor of his or her property for the benefit of his or her creditors, i in which any preference or priority is given to any creditor or creditors 

of the said ‘debtor by the terms of the said assignment, over any other creditor or creditors, other than as to any debts due to the public, or in which any provision or disposition of the property so ass'gned is made or directed, other than that the same. be distributed among all creditors of the said insolvent debtor equally, in proportion to the amount of their several demands, and without preference or priority of any kind what- soever, save only as to debts due to the public, and save only as to such creditors as may accept the terms of such assignment and execute a release of their claim against the debtor, and except as hereinafter provided, such assignment shall be abso- lutely and void, and of no effect whatsoever. “Sec. 11. Iftany person, being insolvent, within ninety days before the making of any assignment by him or her of his or her property for the benefit of his or her creditors, with a view to give a preference to any creditor or person having a claim against him or her, or who is under any liability for him or her. procures or suffers any part of his or her property to be at- tached, sequestered, or scized on execution, or makes any pay- ment, pledge, assignment, transfer, or conveyance of any part of his or her property, either directly or indirectly, absolutely or conditionally, the person receiving such payment, pledge. assignment, transfer, or conveyance of any part of his or her property, or to be benefited thereby, or by such attachment. having reasonable cause to believe such person to be inaulvent. and that such attachment, sequestration, seizure, payment. pledge, assignment, or conveyance is made in fraud of the pr- visions of this Chapter, the same shall be void, and the assignee may recover the proporty, or the value of it, from the person so receiving it, or so to be ‘benefited. Nothing, however, in thie Section sbull be construed to invalidate any loan of' actual Lt value, or the security therefor, made in good faith, upon s security taken in good faith, on the occasion of the making of such loan, or any security bona fide made for advances. “Src. 12. Whenever any debtor shall assign his or her prop- erty for the benefit of his or her creditors, it shall and may be ‘lawful for any creditor or creditors of the said debtor, either by tsimple contract, specially, or in any other manner, to institute proceedings against the said debtor, or the assignee named in the said assignment, or both, or any other persons properl parties thereto, either to attack and set aside the said deed of assignment, or to enforce the provisions thereof, or for any. other purpose whatever, without first obtaining and entering 

up judgment against the said debtor upon the claim or demand so held by the said creditor or creditors.” In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO PROHIBIT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OR INTOXICATING LIQUORS WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE TOWN OF Lan- CASTER IN LANCASTER CoUnNTY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act no license for the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors within the corporate limits of the town of Lancaster, in Lancaster County, shall be granted by the municipal authorities of the said town. Sec. 2. That any violation of the provisions of this Act shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than two hundred dollars, or by imprisonment of not more than six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Src. 3. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue of force until repealed. Sec. 4. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with, or re- pugnagt to, this Act, are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HWAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To RENEW, REVIVE, AND EXTEND THE CHARTER OF THE Marion Acapemy Society oF Marion. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of the Marion Academy Society, be, and the same is hereby, revived and renewed and continued in existence until repealed; and that all the rights, powers, and privileges be vested in said Society as heretofore provided by law; that the follow- ing named persons are hereby made corporators of said Society, to wit: C. D. Evans, J. M. Johnson, J. C. Mullins, W. J. Mont- gomery, John G. Blue, M. Iseman, Henry Clark, J. T. Walsh, and F. D. Jones, and their successors who shall have authority to take possession of the property of said Society, and deal with the same, as well as all other property, rights, and assets to which the said Society may be hereafter entitled according to such rules and by-laws as a majority may adopt. Sec. 2. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and take effect from its approval. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY., President of the Senate. J..C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE SoutH CAROLINA Paciric RalIt- way CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That D. G. MacRae, John F. McLaurin, W. A. Hinshaw, R. J. Tatum, L. D. Hamer, J. F Everett, C. 8. McCall, H. H. Newton, Kenox Livingston, W. C. Coker, H. D. Malloy, and J. T. Hay, their successors and assigns, be, and they are hereby, created a body politic and corporate under the name and style of the South Carolina Pacific Railway Company, with the general rights and powers incident to such corporations, under the laws of this State. 

Sxc. 2. That the South Carolina Pacific Railway Company shall have power to construct a railroad, with one or more tracks, from any point on the North Carolina liné to Bennettsville, thence to Florence, or by or near Society Hill, or Cheraw, to Columbia, thence to any point on the Georgia line in Edgefield County, the route to be determined by a majority of the Board of Directors and corporators. Src. 3. The capital stock of said Company shall be one hun- dred thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing the same to five millions dollars, iff so much be necessary to complete the road, divided into shares of one hundred dollars each; and the corporators above named are hereby authorized to open books of subscription to the capital stock of said Company, and organize the sasne at such time and in such manner as they may deem advisable, to be determined by the majority of the corporators, and may begin work whenever twenty-five thou- sand dollars shall have been subscribed to said capital stock. Sec. 4. That said Company when, organized shall have the right to consolidate with any other railroad corporation upon such terms as a majority of the corporators and Board of Direc- tors shall determine. Sec. 5. That the Company hereby created shall have all the powers, rights, and privileges consistent with its purposes, and the limitations hereinbefore prescribed, gfanted by the charter of the Raleigh and Augusta Air Line Railroad Company by an Act passed by the General Assembly of South Carolina, ap- proved February 18, 1878, being Act No. 350, of the 16th Vol. Statutes at Large, except that the time for the commencement of work on the said road, and for the completion of the same, contained in the 8th Section of said charter, shall not apply to the Company chartered hereby: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt said corporation from taxation under the laws of this State. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand cight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. + 1882, +0) ()T) 

AN ACT to AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO CHARTER THE GREENWOOD, LAURENS AND SPARTANBURG Rartroap Com- PANY, AND TO REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED ‘AN ACT TO CHAR- TER THE GREENWOOD, LAURENS AND SPARTANBURG RAILROAD CoMPANY,’ APPROVED Fesrvary 20, 1880,” BY ADDING THERETO Sections 17, 18, 19, 20, 21. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- tled “An Act to charter the Greenwood, Laurens and Spar- tanburg Railroad Company, and to repeal an Act entitled ‘An Act to charter the Greenwood, Laurens and Spartanburg Rail- road Company,’ approved February 20, 1880,” be, and the same is hereby amended by adding after the sixteenth Section of said Act the following Sections, to wit: “Src. 17. That the provisions of the 6th Section of said Act shall not apply to Greenwegd Township, in Abbeville County, but that it shall be lawful for said township to subscribe to the capital stock of said Railroad Company such sums of money as may be collected from a levy of 5 mill tax for two consecutive years upon all the taxable real and personal property in said township, to wit, for the years 1882 and 1883: Provided, A majority of the legal voters of said township shall authorize and direct said subscription and levy by an election held ac- cording to the provisions of said Act. “Src. 18. That for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of said 17th Section, the said Greenwood Township is hereby declared to be a body politic and corporate, and, upon the peti- tion of twenty-five qualified voters of said township, the County Commissioners of Abbeville County are hereby directed and re- quired to submit to the qualified voters of said township the question of subscription or no subscription; the said County Commissioners shall give thirty days’ notice of the said election by publication in the nearest newspaper, and by notices posted in at least three public places in said township, appoint man- agers without compensation, who shall conduct said election at the regular elections precincts appointed by law, and the said voting shall be by ballot. Those voting for subscription shall vote a ballot upon which is printed or written the word “Sub- scription,” and those voting against subscription shall vote a ballot on which shall be written or printed the words “No Sub- scription.” 

“Src. 19. It shall be the duty of the managers at their re- spective’ precincts to count the ballots at the close of the polls, declare the result, and return certificates of the result of the same to the Chairman of the said Board of County Commis- sioners for Abbeville County. “Sc. 20. That should a majority of the ballots be cast for subscription, the said Chairman of the Board of: County Com- missioners for said County shall give due notice thereof to the County Treasurer of Abbeville County, whose duty it shall be thereupon to collect the amount of said subscription at the reg- ular times and places of collecting State and County taxes ; that is to say, the said Treasurer shall collect the amount sub- scribed, for the year 1882, to said Railroad Company, at the same time of collecting the State and County taxes for 1881, and the amount subscribed to the said Railroad Company for 1883, at the same time of collecting’the State and County taxes for 1882; and the same penalties and forfeitures for non-pay- ment of the same shall attach as for non-payment of State and County taxes; and for the collection of said taxes the said Treasurer shall be allowed such reasonable compensation as may be authorized and fixed by the Board of County Commis- sioners of the County of Abbeville. “Sec. 21. The County Treasurer shall pay over ‘upon the order of the President of the Greenwood, Laurens and Spar- tanburg Railroad Company, to the Treasurer of said Company, the money collected by virtue of the levy aforesaid, and the President of said Railroad Company shall issue certificates of stock in said Railroad Company to trustees selected by the tax- payers of said Greenwood Township, who shall hold. the same for the benefit of said township, and subject to the direction of the voters of the same. That the amount subscribed by said township, as provided for, shall be expended in grading and constructing the said Railroad from Greenwood to Saluda River. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. D. 1882. Approved February 9th, = iN ON OT) 

AN ACT to AmMEeND Section XJ. or AN ACT ENTITLED “AN AcT TO PROVIDE A GENERAL Stock Law AND REGULATE THE OPERA- TIONS OF THE SAME,” APPROVED 20TH DAY OF DECEMBER, 1881, BY ADDING TO SAID SECTION THE WORDS “AND SO MUCH OF LEXINGTON CoUNTY AS LIES BETWEEN THE BROAD AND Sa- LUDA Rivers,” AND ALSO TO PROVIDE THAT THE EXCEPTION CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY TO A CERTAIN PORTION OF LEXINGTON CoUNTY BORDERING ON THE LINE OF EpGEFIELD County. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section XI. of an Act entitled “AnjAct to provide a General Stock Law and regulate the operations of the same,” be amended by adding to said Section the words “and so much of Lexington County as lies between the Broad and Saluda Rivers,” so that said Section shall hereafter read: “that this Act shall take effect on the first day of April, 1882, except in the Counties of Charleston, Beau- fort, Aiken, Lexington, Colleton, Hampton, Orangeburg, Ches- terfield and Williamsburg, in which Counties this Act shall go into effect on the first day of October, A. D. 1882: Provided, . That the stock of any inhabitant of the said Counties shall be liable to the penalties of this Act if found straying without the limits of the said Counties: Provided further, That the above exception shall not apply to so much of Aiken County as is in- y cluded in the Township of Schultz, so much of the Township o Hammond as lies between the Hamburg Road and Savannah River, and the ‘Township of Silverton: and so much of Lexing- ton County as lies between the Broad and Saluda Rivers. And -also, so much of Lexington County as is included between the -line of Edgefield County, and a line commencing at the Edge- field County line, near James Fulmer’s, running thence to the old Hollow Creek road near Uriah Crout’s, thence to Mrs. Re- becca Bar’s, near Concord Church, thence a straight line to St. Peter’s Church, thence to Hallman’s Mill Creek Bridge, on Bethel road, thence up Bethel road to where Edgefield and Aiken Counties join. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year| of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. 882. Approved February 9th, om D. 1 ‘aX OT) eee 

AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE CANAL COMMISSION TO TRANSFER AND DELIVER TO THE BoaRD oF DIRECTORS OF THE SoUTH CAROLINA PENITENTIARY THE PROPERTY KNOWN AS THE Co- LUMBIA CANAL, WITH THE LANDS HELD THEREWITH AND ITS APPURTENANCES, AND TO DEVELOP THE SAME. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of the same, That the Canal Commission, appointed by and under an Act entitled “An Act to authorize and empower the appointment of a Com- mission to control and direct the development and disposal of the property of the State, known as the Columbia Canal, and its 4 appurtenances,” approved March 12, 1878, be, and they arei hereby, authorized and directed to transfer and deliver to the Board of Directors of the South Carolina Penitentiary the property known as the Columbia Canal, together with the lands held therewith, and all and singular the rights, members, and appurtenances thereto belonging, which was acquired under and by virtue of the Act above entitled, and the contract by them entered into with Sullivan Fenner, in pursuance of said Act, on the 25th day of September, A. D. 1878: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any action by the Canal Commission until a release has been executed to the State of all the right, title, and interest in the property above described, of! Messrs. Thompson & Nagle, or of any other parties holding any interest therein. Src. 2. That the said Board of Directors are hereby author- ized and directed, on behalf of the State, to take into their pos- session the said property, with its appurtenances; and for the purpose of providing an adequate water power for the use of the Penitentiary, and for the other purposes to be hereinafter named, they are authorized, empowered, and directed to im- prove and develop the same. Sec. 3. That in order to improve and develop the power of the said canal, they are authorized to construct a dam across the Broad River, at or below the head of the present canal, as by future surveys may be deemed most expedient for the better development of the said water power ; and in locating and con- structing the said dam, they shall have the right to raise the waters in the Broad River to such # height as will give a head and fall of thirty feet at the south side of Gervais Street, at mean low water; with the riyht to build all necessary banks, 

abutments, and other structures, on both sides of said river, as may be required to complete the said dam; and the right is id thereby given to widen and deepen the said canal throughout its length to the south side of Gervais Street, and to change the course thereof, in such manner as they may consider necessary for the better development of the said water power: Provided, That the said canal shall be so enlarged as to develop at least ten thousand horse power of water power at the south side of Gervais Street : Provided, further, That suitable fishways for the free passage of fish be constructed in said dam. Src. 4. That the said Board of Directors shall have the right of way, and the same is hereby granted, in and along the said canal, for the constructicn and operation of the same; and if, in enlarging and developing the said canal, or in constructing the said dam, it become necessary to use the private property of any person or corporation for that purpose, the said Board of Directors, for the sake of the public improvement contemplated in the construction of the said canal, and the better navigation of the said Broad and Congaree Rivers, and the transportation of supplies to market, shall have the right to acquire such right of way in manner now provided by law. Sec. 5. That in the construction of the said dam, and the en- largement of the said canal, and in the performance of all other work necessary to the full development of the said water power, the said Board of Directors are authorized to use and employ the labor of the Penitentiary convicts, using for that purpose so many as in their judgment may be necessary; and the said Board of Directors are further authorized to expend in the em- ployment of skilled labor and engineers, and for the purchase of machinery and materials, such an amount of the income of the Penitentiary, over and above amounts necessary for the sup- port and maintenance of said institution, as may, in their judg- ment, be necessary for the proper execution of said work, not to exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars in any one year. Sxc. 6. That the said Board of Directors are authorized to furnish to the city of Columbia, for the purpose of operating its water works and other purposes, five hundred horse power of water power; and to Sullivan Fenner, under his contract with the Canal Commission, five hundred horse power of water power ; and after reserving for the use of the Penitentiary a power sufficient to meet the demands of its ordinary operations, and other industries conducted and carried on within its walls, they are further authorized, with the Comptroller General, on 

behalf of the State, to lease to other persons or corporations water power upon such terms, and at such annual rental, per horse power, as in their judgment may be proper; and also to lease such mill sites along the line of the said canal, as may be owned by the State, upon such terms as may be deemed most advantageous to the interest of the State. Sec. 7. And ,the said Board of Direetors, and the Comptroller General, on behalf of the State, shall hold, manage, and control the said canal property, with its appurtenances, in connection with the South Carolina Penitentiary, and shall make annually, to the General Assembly, a report of their actings and doings under this Act, giving a detailed statemént of their receipts and expenditures. Src. 8. The said Board of Directors shall be paid the same per diem and mileage for their services under this Act as they may be allowed by law for Penitentiary service, to be paid out of the income of the Penitentary. Sec. 9. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——— AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE BELLEMONTE CoTron MANUFAC- TURING COMPANY. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That D. James Winn, W. D. Blanding, A. S. Brown, H. Harby, Joseph H. Earle, R. P. Monaghan, and others, and their associates and successors, are hereby made and created a body politic and cor- porate, under the name and style of the Bellemonte Cotton Manufacturing Company, to be located on the tract of land near the corporate limits of the town of Sumter, in Sumter County, contiguous to the track of the Wilmington, Columbia, and Au- ‘gusta Railroad Company, for the purpose of manufacturing, 

spinning, dyeing, printing, and finishing and selling all goods of every kind made of wool or cotton, or of which wool, cotton, or other fibrous articles may form a part, and any other articles of like nature or kind whatsoever, which they may from time to time desire, and for grinding and milling wheat, corn and other grains, sawing lumber, and for producing and making all machinery, tools, and implements necessary to or used for such purposes, and may erect such mills, buildings, machine shops, stores, dwellings, and other works as may be required or neces- sary to carry out such branches of manufacture and business, and also for the transaction of all business connected with the purposes so recited. _Src. 2. The parties aforesaid shall have power to raise by subscription a capital for the said corporation of thirty thou- sand dollars ($30,000), in three hundred (300) shares of one hundred dollars ($100) each: Provided, however, That a majority of the Board of Directors of the said corporation shall have the power of increasing the said capital stock to any extent not exceeding one hundred thousand ($100,000) dollars, whenever they deem proper to do so, and the said corporation shall by its by-laws provide for the manner of raising and distributing such additional capital stock. Src. 3. The said corporation may purchase and hold all such -real and personal estate as may from time to time bé required for their purposes, or such as they may be obliged or may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due to said corporation, and may dispose of the same, may erect such mills, machine shops, dwellings, and other buildings. thereon, as may be deemed necessary or desirable; may sue and be sued; may have and use a common seal; may make such by-laws for the regulation and government of said corporation, in any and all matters whatsoever not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of this State, as‘ may be deemed necessary, and may add to, alter or amend the same from time to time as may be desired ; and shall have generally, all the rights, powers and privileges in law incident or appertaining to corporations. Src. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount, beside the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding ten per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: 

Provided also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two ‘years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any f other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the: value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, ¢ trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 5. That any Diréctor or other officer, or stockholder of the said corporation, who shall knowingly or wilfully make or cause to be made, any fraudulent misrepresentation or mis- representations as to either the capital, property, or resources of said corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by fine of not more than two thousand ($2,000) dollars, or ifaprisonment for not longer than two (2) years, or both, at the discretion of the Court Sec. 6. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he may own or repres- ent at all elections and all meetings of the Company up to fifty (50) shares, but no vote for any share over fifty (50) shares held by any one person, and the said corporation shall have authori- ty in its by-laws to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the representation by proxy of such stockholders as may be absent at such clections and meetings Src. 7. The capital stock of the said corporation shall be deemed personal property, and the said corporation shall have authority in its by-laws to make all such regulations as may be deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transter of such stock, or for collecting and enforcing by sale or otherwise all subscriptions which have heretofore been or may hereafter be made thereto. Src. 8. That said corporation shall ie entitled to the benefits enumerated and contained in an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures,” approved December 20th, 1873, for a} term of ten (10) years from the date of its organization here- under: Provided, That this exemption shall not extend to any machinery or capital engaged in grinding, milling, or sawing as provided in.Section one hereof. Sec. 9. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of thirty (30) years. 

and until the final adjournment of the General Assembly meet- ing next thereafter. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND. EMPOWER CERTAIN TOWNSHIPS IN ABBEVILLE AND EDGEFIELD COUNTIES TO SELL CERTIFICATES OF STOCK HELD BY SAID TOWNSHIPS IN THE AUGUSTA AND KNoxviILLE RAILROAD COMPANY, AND INVEST THE PROCEEDS OF THE SAME IN CERTIFICATES OF STOCK IN THE GREENWOOD. LAURENS, AND SPARTANBURG RaILRoAD CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Trustees in the townships of Greenwood, White Hall. Indian Hill, and Bordeau, in the County of Abbeville, and of Washington and Ryan, in the County of Edgefield, holding the certificates of stock in the Augusta and Knoxville Railroad Company, be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered, if they deem best, to sell said stock, and re-invest the same in the purchase of stock in the Greenwood, Laurens, and Spartan- burg Railroad Company. Sec. 2. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. 1882. Approved February 9th, A. D. nia) OOD 

AN ACT To ESTABLISH AND CHARTER A FERRY ACROSS THE GREAT Per Der RIVER, BETWEEN MARLBORO AND DARLINGTON Coun- TIES, AND TO VEST THE SAME IN A. B. HENEGAN FOR A PERIOD) OF TWENTY YEARS. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives o the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry be, and the same is hereby, established and chartered to reach across the Great Pee Dee River from a point known as Henegan’s Landing, in Marlboro County, to a point on the op- posite side of said river in Darlington County, and that said ferry be vested in A. B. Henegan, his heirs and assigns, for a period of twenty years from the passage of this Act, and that the following rates of toll be charged and no more: For every tour (4) horse carriage or vehicle, fifty (50) cents; for every two (2) horse vehicle or carriage, thirty (30) cents; for every one (1) horse carriage or vehicle, twenty (20) cents; for every single horse and rider, ten (10) cents; for every foot passenger five (5) cents; for every head of cattle, goats, and hogs, five (5) cents: Provided, That children going to and returning from school, voters going to and returning trom elections, militia going to and returning from muster, and clergymen, be passed free of toll. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, ‘in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT CEDING THE JURISDICTION OF THE STaTE oF SouTH CAROLINA TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OVER SUCH LANDS AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR CONNECTING WINYAH Bay AND SanTeEE River, IN GEORGETOWN CouNTY, 80 AS TO FACILITATE COMMERCE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the jurisdiction of the State of South Carolina is hereby ceded 

to the United States of America over so much land as shall be necessary for the purpose of connecting Winyah Bay and Santee River, in Georgetown County, so as to facilitate commercial in- tercourse on the waters thereof, said connection to be provided with a lock or flood-gate to protect the rice plantations which may be affected thereby, if the same may be deemed necessary by the United States enginecr in charge of the improvement: Provided, The jurisdiction hereby ceded shall not vest until the United States of America shall have acquired the right to use such land from tbe owner or owners thereof by gift or purchase, or in the manner hereinafter provided by the assessment of a jury; and the United States of America are to retain such jurisdiction so long as such lands shall be used for the purposes in this Act mentioned, and no longer; and such jurisdiction is granted upon the express condition that the State of South Carolina shall re- tain a concurrent jurisdiction with the United States in and over the said lands, so far as that civil process in all cases not affecting the real and personal property of the United States, and such criminal or other process as shall issue under the au- thority of the State of South Carolina against any person or per- sons charged with crime committed within or without the limits of the said land, may be executed therein, in the same way and manner as if no jurisdiction had been hereby ceded. Sec. 2. Whenever any land shall be required for the purpose aforesaid, and from want of agreement as to the value thereof, or from any other cause, the same cannot be purchased from the owner, the same may be taken at an assessed valuation to be made by a jury in like manner as directed for ascertaining the compensation for right of way in Sections 75 to 86, both inclu- sive, of Title XIII., Chapter LXIIIL., Revised Statutes of this State; and the petition for this purpose may be filed either by the United States, or any of its authorized agents, or by any person or persons who may be interested in having the said work accomplished, and for this purpose may desire to confer the right to use such lands upon the United States. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year ‘of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To CHARTER THE CHARLOTTE, ANDERSON, AND ATLANTA Rariroap. CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That James L. Clark, L. M. Grist, C. E. Spencer, John I. Hunter, J. A. Carroll, James Mason, R. I. Latta, G. H. O'Leary, J. F. Hart, G. L. Riddle, T. W. Campbell, G. L. McNeel, J. L. Rainey, J. F. Wallace, Flemming Gardner, H. F. Adickes, Jr., J. W. P. Hope, T. S. Jefferys, of York County, J. C. Farrar, W. R. Briggs, D H. Sheldon, W. 8. Gregory, J. R. Minter, C._B. Bobo, Robert Bedsil, H. L. Goss, T. B. Jeter, and F. M. Farr, of Union County ; J. D. Byrd, J. 8. Craig, H. Y. Simpson, J. Wash. Watts, J. S. Wolfe,.J. H. Sullivan, J. B. Humbert, and William Wood, of Laurens County., W. C. Brown, A. J. Sturgis, B. B. Brazile, J N. Brown, W. W. Humphreys, N. P. Tribble, E. M. Rucker, J. W. Prevost, Joseph McClossky, A. M. Holland, and E. Preston Earle, of Anderson County, and such other persons and corpo- rations as may be associated with them, and their successors and assigns, be, and they are hereby, created a body politic and corporate, by the name and style of “The Charlotte, Anderson, and Atlanta Railroad Company,” and by that name may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in any court of law and equity in this State or in the United States; may make by-laws, and appoint all necessary officers and prescribe their duties, and may accept, purchase, hold, and ¥ convey any property, either real or personal, necessary for the purposes hereinafter mentioned; may make contracts, have and use a common seal, and do all other lawful acts properly inci- dent to, and connected with said corporation, and necessary for the control and transaction of its business: Provided, That their by-laws be not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of this State or of the United States. Sec. 2. That the said Company be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to construct, maintain, and operate a railroad from a point on the North Carolina State line, between Char- lotte, North Carolina, and Yorkville, South Carolina, and ex- tending via Yorkville, Unionville, Laurens Court House, and Anderson, South Carolina, to a point on the Georgia State line in the direction of Atlanta, Georgia. Sec. 3. That the capital stock of said Company shall be one mnillion of dollars, in shares of one hundred dollars each, with 

the privilege of increasing the capital stock to such an amount as may be found necessary to carry out the intention and pur- poses of this Act, said amount not to exceed six millions of dol- lars, and the shares shall be transferable in such manner as the by-laws may direct: Provided, That when the sum of one hun- dred thousand dollars shall have been subscribed to the capital 5. stock of said Company as hereinafter directed, the said corpora- tors or a majority of them shall, within a reasonable time there- after, appoint a time and place for the meeting of said stock- holders, of which thirty days’ notice shall be given in such newspapers of this State as they may deem necessary; at which time and place said stockholders may proceed to the organiza- tion of said Company by the election of a President and nine Directors, who shall hold their offices for one year and until “their successors are elected, which shall be the first Board of Directors, and which Board may, in their by-laws, prescribe the time and manner of holding their subsequent annual elections for President and Directors, subject to the approval of the stock- holders at. their ensuing annual meeting. Sec. 4. That in all conventions of the stockholders of said Company, such ¢ity, town, or township as may subscribe to the “capital stock thereof, may be represented by not less than three nor more than five delegates, who shall be chosen by a conven- tion of the tax-payers of such city, town, or township ; private stockholders representing their own stock in person or by proxy duly executed. Sec.. 5. That for the purpose of raising the capital stock of said Company, it shall be lawful to open books for private sub- > scriptions at such times and places and under the direction of such persons as the said corporators may appoint, and that said subscriptions to the capital stock may be made in money, bonds, lands, materials, and work, at such rates as may be agreed upon with said Company ; and the said Railroad Company shall have power to mortgage its property and franchises, and issue bonds on such terms and conditions, and for such purposes and uses of said corporation, as the said Company may deem necessary. Szc. 6. That in addition to the provisions contained in the | preceding Section for private subscriptions, it shall and may be lawful for any city, town, or township interested in the construc- tion of said Road to subscribe to its capital stock such sum as a majority of their voters may authorize the County Commission- ers or proper authorities of such city or town to subscribe, which subscription shall be made in seven per cent. bonds, pay- 

OU VN A AKU able in such instalments as the County Commissioners or proper authorities of such city or town shall determine, and to be re- ceived by the said company at par, said bonds to be made pay- able twenty years after the date thereof, and to be of the denom- ination of one hundred dollars, five hundred dollars, and one thousand dollars: P;ovided, That all the moneys so subscribed by any township in York County shall be expended in the con- struction of said Railroad in said County. Src. 7. That for the purpose of determining the amount of said subscriptions, it shall be the duty of the County Commis- sioners for each of the Counties of York, Union, Laurens, and Anderson, upon the written application of fifty voters in any township, specifying the amount to be subscribed therein, to submit to the qualified electors of each township in their re- spective Counties, through which said railroad may be con- structed, as the case may be, the question of subscription or no subscription to the capital stock of said company, and they shall have power to order an election, specifying the time, place, and purpose of the election, and to appoint three managers at each election precinct in said townships, who shall, without compen- sation, hold and conduct said election, at which election the ballots shall have written or printed thereon either the word “Subscription” or “No subscription,” the said County Commis- sioners having first, by a resolution of their Board, fixed the amount proposed to be subscribed according to the request of the petition submitted to them, notice of which resolution shall be given by the Chairman of the Board in one or more of the newspapers published in the County for which he shall act, for forty days next previous to the election. And the proper cor- porate authorities of any city or town in any of the four Coun- ties of York, Union, Laurens, and Anderson, upon the written petition of fifty voters in any such city or town, shall, in like manner and after like notice, submit the question to the qualified electors in said city or town, and declare the result as is herein directed in cases of County or township elections: Provided, That in the towns and townships in the County of Anderson, no election shall be ordered unless a majority of the owners of real estate resident in the town or townships to be taxed shall first petition the County Commissioners of said County, or the Council of such towns, to order an election under the provisions of this Act; and no subscriptions shall be made therein until the requirements of this proviso have been complied with. Src. 8. It shall be the duty of the managers to make returns 

and meet at their respective Court Houses or Council Chambers, as the case may be, and count the votes and declare the result as in other elections, which result shall be certified in writing by the Chairman of each Board of Managers to the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, or to the City or Town Council, as the case may be. Src. 9. In case the majority of the ballots cast shall have written or printed thereon “subscription,” then the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, in all cases of township elections, shall be authorized and required to subscribe to the capital stock of said company, in behalf of said township, the sum which may have been fixed and named in the resolution of said Board, published as aforesaid, which subscription shall be made in seven per cent. bonds as aforesaid, with interest payable semi-annually; but in all subscriptions made under the direction of a township clection, as authorized by this Act, it shall be so expressed in the bonds and coupons issued in payment of such subscription under the provisions of Section 6 of this Act; and all tax levies for the purpose of raising funds to pay the said bonds or coupons shall be made only upon the taxable property in such township; and if a majority of the ballots cast in any city or town election shall be for subscription, the proper corpo- rate authorities of such city or town are authorized and required to subscribe in behalf of such‘ city or town as hereinbefore provided. Sec. 10. That for the payment of the interest on said bonds, the County Auditor or other officer discharging such duties, or thé city or town Treasurer, as the case may be, shall be autho- rized and required to assess annually, upon the property of such city, town, or township, such per centum as may be necessary to pay said interest, which shall be known and styled in the tax books as said railroad tax, which shall be collected by the Trea- surer under the same regulations as are provided by law for the collection of taxes in any of the counties, cities, or towns so subscribing, and which shall be paid over by the said Treasurer to the holders of said bonds as the said interest shall become due: Provided, That within ten years of the time said bonds shall fall due, the money to pay the same shall be raised by taxation in the same manner, and paid out by the County Trea- surer, as provided above for the payment of the annual interest. Sec. 11. That in collecting said-taxes, the county, city, or town Treasurer shall deliver to the tax-payer a special receipt there- tor, which shall express that the amount stated therein is: the 

tax for said railroad; and when any person, a holder of such receipts, issued in his own name or in that of another person, and duly transferred to such holder by the endorsement thereon of the name of the person to whom the same was issued, shall present an amount thereof to the President of said Company, equal to one share of the stock of the said company, the said Pre- sident shall cause to be issued to the holder of said receipt one share of stock, and such person shall be a stockholder in said company from the date of the scrip for such stock so issued as aforesaid, and the like proceeding and rights and liabilities shall be had, and attach to any person who may present such tax re- ceipts amounting to more than one share: Provided, That said scrip shall not be issued for any fractional parts of a share. Src. 12. That said railroad company shall have every right, privilege, and power necessary for the purpose of acquiring such lands or rights of way as they may require for the location or construction of the said railroad, or for the erection or location of depots, warehouses, stations, and other necessary establish- ments, or for extending or altering the same, and the said com- pany shall have the benefit of every process or proceeding, and shall be subject to all the restrictions provided or imposed in Sections 75 to 86, both inclusive, of Chapter LXIII. of the General Statutes. Src. 13. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt the property of said railroad company from taxation for State and County purposes. Src. 14. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in any amount (beside the value of his share or shares therein) not ex- ceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shail have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trus- tee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 15. That this Act shall be a public Act, to take effect on and after its passage, and shall remain of force for the space of 

thirty years: Provided, That this charter shall cease and deter- mine unless the construction of said railroad is commenced on or before January 1, 1885, and completed on or before Janu- ‘ ary 1, 1889 In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker Honse of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT vo RECHARTER THE Society Hiti anp Marwgoro BripGe CoMPANy Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the provisions of law by which the Society Hill and Marlboro Bridge Company was chartered be, and the same are hereby renewed, and continued of force for the period of twenty-one years from the approval of this Act Src. 2. That all Acts done by the said company since the ex piration of the said charter in conformity to the provisions there- of be, and the same are hereby, validated. Src. 3. This Act shall take effect from the date of its passage In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. ‘JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT ro ENABLE PERSONS WHOSE CROPS ARE SEIZED UNDER. THE PROVISIONS OF THE VARIOUS ACTS OF THE GENERAL AS8- SEMBLY, KNOWN AS “THE Lien Laws,” TO RECOVER POSSESSION OF THE SAME UPON ENTERING INTO BOND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF LAW NOW OF FORCE IN REGARD TO ACTIONS FOR THE CLAIM AND DELIVERY OF PERSONAL PROPERTY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act any person whose crop or crops, whether the same be severed from the freehold or not, may be seized under the provisions of any or all of the Acts of the General Assembly, known as “the Lien Laws,” shall have the right, upon entering into bond in accordance with the provi- sions of law now of force in regard to actions for claim and delivery of personal property, to recover immediate possession of the crop or crops so seized: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to affect any of the provis- ions of said Lien Laws in cases where no bond is given as here- in authorized. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House ot Representatives. . Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To VEST ALL THE RIGHT, TITLE, AND INTEREST OF THE STATE IN AND TO CERTAIN REAL AND PERSONAL ESTATE IN Magyon County, 1n Newitt. McDurrir, Mary Forr, Duncan McDurriz, AND Mar@aret A. CARMICHAEL, AND THEIR HEIRS. ' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all the right, title, and interest of the State in and to the real and personal estate of Esther McKinley, deceased, in the County of Marion, * now liable to escheat as the property of. Ksather McKinley, be, and the same is hereby vested in Neill McDuffie, Mary Fore, 

Duncan McDuffie, and Margaret A. Carmichael, their heirs and assigns forever. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD. Governor. AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE CERTAIN Fire ENGINE CoMPANIES,’ APPROVED FEBRUARY 13rH, 1869. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act en- titled ‘An Act to incorporate certain Fire Engine Companies,” approved February 13th, 1869, be, and the same is hereby, amended by adding thereto the following Section to be known as Section 3: Sec. 3. That the corporate name of the “Independent Young America Fire Engine Company” be, and hereby is, changed to “Young America Steam Fire Engine Company ;” and that the said Company under its new name shall have and enjoy all the rights, privileges and powers granted by this Act to the “Inde- ” and succeed pendent Young America Fire Engine Company ? .to and hold under its new name all the property now owned and possessed by the said Company under its old name; and be sub- ject to all the liabilities and restrictions imposed upon the said Company under its old name; and that the charter of the Young America Steam Fire Engine Company shall remain in force until repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. D. 1882. Approved February 9th, A. =H! ai OO T) Oe a 

AN ACT To MAKE IT A MISDEMEANOR TO ALLOW RECORDS TO BE TAKEN FROM CERTAIN PUBLIC OFFICES, OR TO TAKE SUCH RECORDS THEREFROM, AND TO PRESCRIBE A PENALTY FOR THE SAME Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That if any Clerk of any Court of Record, Judge of-Probate, Master, ; Register of Mesne Conveyance, Sheriff, County Commissioners, } or Clerk of the County Commissioners, shall allow any record, ¢ or any part thereof, to be taken or removed from their respec- tive offices by any person or persons whomsoever, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof he shall be punished by fine of fifty dollars for the first offence, and for the second and any subsequent offence by a fine of one hundred dollars: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be held to apply to the attendance of any of the said officers with any of the records of their respective offices in any Court or Courts when the actual production of such record is required 4 by the proper process of such Court for the purpose of evidence in any trial or trials then proceeding therein Sec. 2. That any person who shall take any record from the office of the Clerk of the Court, Judge of Probate. or Master in Equity, without the consent of the officer having control of the same, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable to the same penalty as is provided in Section 1 In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. re ee AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE HIBERNIAN ParK ASSOCIATION, OF CHARLESTON.” Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act enti- 

tled “An Act to incorporate the Hibernian Park Association, of Charleston approved March 2d, 1876, be, and the same is hereby, amended by making Section 5 of said Act Section 6 and by inserting therein a Section to be numbered Section 5 which said Section shall read as follows “Section 5. That said corporation is hereby authorized and empowered,. without any further license, during their festival and picnics to be held on their grounds, near Charleston, to open wine and lager beer saloons to and for their own pleasure and that of their guests, this privilege only being granted for and during the a festival and picnics.” In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _— AN ACT T0 REGULATE THE DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS BY THE CLERKS oF THE CouRTS OF THIS STATE TO THE TRIAL JUSTICES. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Clerks of the Courts of the respective Counties of this State, shall each keep a book in.which shall be entered all books sent them for distribution among the Trial Justices of their respective Counties, in which book shall also be written the receipt of Trial Justice to whom delivered, to be cancelled upon return of such book or books, by writing across the same “books returned.” Sec. 2. That upon the expiration of the term of office of any Trial Justice, it shall be the duty of such Trial Justice to re- turn to the Clerk. of the Court of his County, within thirty days, all books received by him from said Clerk, in good condi- tion, and have his receipt cancelled as is provided in Section first of this Act. Src. 3. That any Trial Justice neglecting or refusing to re- turn to the Clerk of the Court the books received by him under and by the terms of this Act, or pay for the same or damage 

thereto, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof in any Court of competent jurisdiction, shall be fined in a sum of not less than ten ($10) dollars, nor more than twenty-five ($25) dollars, or be imprisoned not less than ten days nor more than thirty days, at the discretion of the Court Sec. 4. That the fines imposed or money under this Act shall be paid over to the Clerk of the Court in the County where col- lected to be expended in replacing such books as are not re turned, or are too much damaged to be re-issued, and to be used tor no other purpose In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ———— AN ACT T0 DEVOTE CERTAIN PUBLIC LANDS TO THE USE OF THE Boarp or Directors OF THE STATE PENITENTIARY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That he Commissioners of the Sinking Fund be, and they are here- by, authorized and directed to transfer to the Board of Directors of the State Penitentiary all that tract of land measuring and containing about forty-five acres, and lying between the canal and the Congaree River, and between Neagle’s Bridge and Broad River Bridge, together with certain small islands adjacent thereto, and to put them in possession of the same. Sec. 2. That the said tract of land shall be used by the said Board of Directors of the State Penitentiary for such purposes incident to the maintenance and development of the State Penitentiary as they may deem proper. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE WANDO PHOSPHATE CoMPANY OF CHARLESTON, SOUTH CAROLINA. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Wando Phosphate Company, of Charleston, South Carolina, shall have power from time to time to increase its capital stock to any amount not exceeding four hundred thousand dollars, in- cluding the present capital stock, whenever a majority of the stockholders present at any general meeting, or the Board of Directors by their authority, shall determine. And such ad- ditional stock shall be divided among the stockholders exactly in proportion to their shares in the capital stock of the Company at the time of such increase. But in case any stockholder should not desire to take, or should neglect. for one month to take, his or her proportion of such increased stock, the same shall be allotted or disposed of among the other stockholders; and books may be opened for the purpose of obtaining additional subscribers to such increased stock, in such manner as the Board of Directors may deem expedient. And in no case shall the members who are unwilling to take their proportion in such in- crease of stock be assessed to contribute or to make up such in- crease, Src. 2. Whenever any such increase of capital shall have been made, as aforesaid, the President and Treasurer shall make afti- davit of the fact, and file the same in the office of the Secretary of State, and make publication thereof once a week for three successive weeks in a newspaper in the city of Charleston, which shall be legal notice to all persons dealing with said corporation. Sec. 3. The said corporation shall have succession of officers and members, according to the rules and by-laws made or to be made for their government and direction; and shall have power and authority to make by-laws not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to alter at will; to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded in any court of law or equity; to purchase, take, hold, sell, and con- vey, in fee simple, or for less estate, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, rights, and credits, which may be connected with, or in any manner conducive to, the purposes for which said Company is established; to dig and mine for earths, marls, rocks, and minerals, to manufacture the same, and 

such other materials as they may purchase or acquire, into chemicals, acids, and fertilizers,’on the land near the city limits now owned and occupied by them; to carry on trade therein, and to cultivate such lands as may be purchased or acquired by the said Company for the purposes aforesaid. Sec. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof, in an amount, besides the par value of his share or shares therein, already subscribed for or paid in, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, adminis- trator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such ex- ecutor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary ca- pacity. Src. 5. That any Director or other officer or stockholder of the said corporation, who shall knowingly and wilfully make, or cause to be made, any fraudulent misrepresentation or misrep- 8 resentations as to either the capital, property, or resources of said corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, andt upon conviction thereof shall be punished by fine of not more ¢ than two thousand dollars, or imprisonment not longer than two years, or both, at the discretion of the Court. Sec. 6. The said Company is hereby authorized to construct and maintain a railroad or tramway from the navigable waters on which their works are situate to the Northeastern and South ¢ Carolina Railroads, and for that purpose to lay their tracks across any public way: Provided, That such precautions are taken as to offer no hindrance to the public use of such way. Sxc. 7. That this charter shall remain in force for thirty years after the passage of this Act, and until the end of the next ensuing , session of the General Assembly: Provided, That on the expiration or dissolution of said corporation the property thereof shall be vested in the several members of the said corporation in propor- j] tion to their respective shares in the capital stock, after pay-! ment of all the debts of said corporation. 

Sec. 8. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby’, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor nd AN ACT to IncorPoRATE THE CoLuMBiIA STREET RAILWAY CoMPANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Gen- eral Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That William D. Starling, Thomas D. Gillespie, and John R. Abney, and all other persons who may become: associated with them, be, and they are hereby, declared.a body politic and-corporate, under the name.and style of “The Columbia Street Railway Company Sec. 2. That the said Company shall have power to make such by-laws for the government of the same as shall be deemed necessary and expedient by a majority of the shareholders, not repugnant to the laws of the land ; to elect such officers as said by-laws may prescribe ; to have succession of officers and mem- bers ; to have a common seal, and to alter and make new the same ; to purchase, hold, and sell real and personal estate, for the purposes of’ its business ; and sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in all the Courts in this State Sec. 3. That the said Company shall have power to take, sub- scribe, and raise a capital stock to the amount of twenty-five thousand dollars, in shares of twenty-five dollars each, for the purposes contemplated, and may increase the same ‘o the further sum of one hundred thousand doilars, it’ deemed necessary by a majority of the shareholders; but the said Company. may or- ganize and begin business whenever the sum of five thousand dollars shall be raised Src. 4, That the personal liability of each shareholder shall not exceed ten per cent. in addition to the amount of the shares which he or she holds 

Sec. 5. That the said Company shall have power to construct single or double railway tracks of such gauge as they may elect through any street or streets of the city of Columbia, as it may deem advisable for the accommodation of the public or the in- terest of the Company, and to extend the same five miles be- yond the corporate limits of said city: Provided, That the said Company shall so construct said railways that they shall not obstruct the streets through which they pass, and that the Com- pany shall be required, after laying said railways, to replace the portion of the streets over which they pass in good condition and thereafter keep their railway in like good order; in con- sideration of which the said Company shall have such exclusive right of way over said railway as may be IGCORATY: tor the pro- per conduct of its business. Src. 6. That said Company shall have power to transport passengers and freight in suitable and sufficient carriages and cars, at such rates as may be fixed in the by-laws of the same Src. 7. That the said Company shall have power and authority to issue coupon-boads to an amount not.exceeding the. capital atock, the same to be redeemed at such time, not exceeding twenty years, as may be agreed upon by-said Company, and to bear interest at the rate of seven per cent. per annum, payable semi-annually Src. 8. That this Act shall remain in force and continue for the period of thirty years: Provided, That said Company begin to operate a railway in said city within five years Src. 9. That all Acts and parts of Acts repugnant to or incon- sietent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one-thousand eight hundred and cighty-two J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE MATHER INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Wuereas, Mrs. Rachel Crane Mather has for many years maintained from her own resources an Industrial School, near the town of Beaufort, in this State, and now seeks to secure 

protection and permanence therefor, and to this end prays an Act of incorporation thereof, therefore, Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Mather Industrial School be, and the same is hereby, de- clared to be a body politic and corporate under the name and style aforesaid And under that name, may sue and be sued implead and be impleaded in any Court of this State May have and use a common seal, and be possessed of and enjoy all the rights incident to corporations of like character. Sec. 2. That the said “the Mather Industrial School,’’ may receive, purchase, take, and hold, in fee simple or in any lesser estate, any property real and personal, to the charitable uses of said school, by gift, devise, or purchase, to an amount not ex ceeding twenty-five thousand dollars. And from time to time and at all times to make investments thereof or to change such investments as may scem best conducive to the well being and interest of said school Sec. 3. That the said corporation shall be authorized to adopt such by-laws and regulations as it may.deem proper, not repug- nant to the laws of the land Sec. 4. That the officers of the said corporation shall be first appointed by Mrs. Rachel Crane Mather, and shall be elected for such time and in such mode and in such succession as she shall by deed or other instrument in writing, executed and filed with the said corporation at its organization, direct and _ pre scribe Sec. 5. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall go into effect on the day of its approval by the Governor. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To amMEND Sections 45 anp 46 oF AN ACT ENTITLED “An ACT TO ALTER AND AMEND THE SCHOOL LAW OF SOUTH CAROLINA,” APPROVED Marcn 22, 1878. Section 1, Be it enacted by the Senate und House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 45 of an Act entitled “An Act to alter and amend the school law of South Carolina,” approved March 22, 1878, be, and the same is hereby, amended so that the same shall be as follows: “All claims of every description whatsoever, which are chargeable against the fund raised for the support of the free public schools of the State, must be signed by at least two members of the Board of Trustees of the School District in which the service is rendered: and the correctness and legality of the same shall be sworn to and subscribed by the person presenting such claim before it shall be approved by the person or persons authorized by law to give such approval.” Sec. 2. That Section 46 of the said Act be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to be as follows: “That all School Trustees and School Commissioners are hereby invested with the power, and are required, free of charge, to.administer oaths | to persons presenting the claims contemplated by the preceding Section of this Act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as are all other persons who by the laws of this State are qualified to administer oaths. Src. 3. That it shall be the duty of the County School Com- missioners on the 30th day of April in each year to report to the County Treasurer a statement of all school claims by him approved for the fiscal year last preceding. And the County Treasurer shall thereupon close the school accounts for that year, carrying over any balance to the credit of the then cur- rent fiscal year: Provided, Nothing herein contained shall in any way repeal, conflict with, or modify the provisions of Sec- tion 40 of an Act entitled “An Act to alter and amend the school law of South Carolina,” approved March 22, 1878. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and cighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. 1682. Wave’ a’ 

AN ACT fo INCORPORATE THE STATE GRAND LopGE No. 4 OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF GooD SAMARITANS AND DAUGHTERS OF SAMARIA IN AMERICA, OF SouTH CAROLINA. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That W. H. Whitlock, J. Chapman, S. B. Wallace, J. E. Martin, W. H. Rutherford, F. Summers, J. A. Williams, and their associates and successors in office, be, and they are hereby, declared a body corporate and politic, by the name and title of the State Grand Lodge No. 4 of the Independent Order of Good Samaritans and Daughters of Samaria in America, of South Carolina, and that they have power, by their corporate name and style, to sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded, in the Courts of this State; and shall be enabled and empowered in law to purchase, have, hold, enjoy, and possess chattels, lands, tenements, or real estate, of what kind or nature soever, and the same, or any part thereof, to sell, alien, or convey at their will and pleasure ; and the said corporation shall have power to make and have a common seal, with power to change the same at any time; and shall have power to organize and grant charters to Subordinate Lodges under their jurisdiction; and shall have power to make their own constitution and by-laws, not inconsistent with the laws of the land. Sec. 2. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue in force until repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred anc eighty-two. _ J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. A. D. 1882. Approved February 9th, JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. . AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A SEPARATE SCHOOL DISTRICT WITHIN THE COUNTY OF LEXINGTON, AND PROVIDING FOR THE LEVY, COLLECTION, AND APPROPRIATION OF SCHOOL TAXES THEREIN. Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That tor the purpose of maintaining a graded public school in the town of Leesville, in the County of Lexington, the County Commissioners of Lexington County be, and they are hereby authorized and required to lay off a new school district in said County, to be known as Leesville School District, having its lo- cation and boundaries as follows: Taking the depot at Leesville as a point of departure, let four lines be run towards the cardi- nal points of the compass to the following distances, respec- tively, to wit: The line toward the east, to the distance of three miles ; the line towards the south, to the distance of three miles ; t the line towards the west, to the distance of one mile, and the line towards the north, to the distance of three miles; then let lines be drawn at right angles to the four lines. above given touching the extremity of each, and extended until they cut each other, thereby forming a parallelogram; and the area thus enclosed shall constitute a new school district Sec. 2. That the inhabitants of said School District shall be, and are hereby, created a body politic and corporate, with such government, rights, privileges, and liabilities as other school dis- tricts, under the Act approved March 22, 1878. Sec. 3. The said School District is hereby also authorized and empowered to levy on all real and personal property returned in said District, a local tax, not exceeding two mills on the dol- lar, to supplement the constitutional tax for support of said school by the persons and in the mode following, to wit: The School Trustees of said District-shall, on or before the first day of April, 1882, and again on or before the 31st of October, 188 and on or before the last-named day in each succeeding year, call a meeting of all the legal voters living in said School District, and returning real or personal property therein; that a notice of said meeting, specifying the time, place, and object thereof, shall be posted in three conspicuous places in said District, at least ten days before the said meeting. The persons answering the above description, when thus assembled, shall appoint a Chair- | man and Secretary, and adjourn from time to time, decide what. additional tax, if any, shall be levied, and appropriate the same in such manner as they may think best for maintaining said school no tax thus levied shall be repealed at a subsequent meeting held within the same fiscal year, The Chairman of said meeting shall, in one week thereafter, notify the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and the County Auditor of the amount of tax thus levied, and how it has been appropriated, and the 

County Auditor shall at once assess such tax on all real and personal property returned in said district or township, and ; the County Treasurer shall collect the same with the State and County tax; and it shall bea lien on all taxable property un- Ati] paid; and defaulting tax-payers shall be liable to like pro- cess and penalties as defaulters for State and County taxes; the money collected from said tax levy shall be paid out by the ‘County Treasurer, for purposes to which it has been appropri- ated, on warrants drawn by the Trustees of said District, coun- tersigned by the County School Commissioner; and said Treas- urer shall be liable to said School District for non-performance of his duty in respect to said moneys in same manner and un- der like penalties as for non-performance of his duty in refer- ence to State and County taxes. The first asssessment under this Act shall be for the scholastic year beginning on Ist No- vember, 1881. Src. 4. This Act shall take effect from the date of its passage, and all Acts inconsistent therewith are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C.. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT vo INcoRPoRATE THE YouNG MEN’s LOAN AND TRUST _ Company or Rock Hitt, Sour Caro.ina. | SEcTION 1. Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That D. Hutchison, E. L. Keiseler, J. M. Cheny, T. L. Johnston, R. T. Ferrell, N. P, Alexander, J. B. Johnson, E. R. Avery, W. B. Wilson, Jr., together with such other persons, who now are, or hereafter may be associated with them, be, and they are hereby, declared a body politic and corporate for the purpose of making 

loans of money, secured by mortgage of real estate or personal property, or by conveyance of the same to their members and stockholders, or other persons, by the name and style of the Young Men’s Loan and Trust Company, the capital stock o which shall consist of not less than two hundred shares, or more than two thousand shares, of the par value of one hundred dol- lars each, to be paid in by successive monthly instalments o one dollar on each share until the full amount of one hundred dollars be paid thereon; the said shares to be held, transferred, assigned, and pledged, and the holders thereof to be subject to such fines and forfeitures for default in their payment, accord- ing to such regulations as may be prescribed by the by-laws of said corporation. Sec. 2. That said corporation shall have power and authority to make such rules and by-laws for its government as are not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the land ; shall have such members and succession of members and officers as shall be ordained and chosen according to their said rules and by- laws made or to be made by them; shall have and keep a com- mon seal, and may alter the same at will, and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of competent juris- diction in this State. Sec. 3. That said corporation shall have power to take, pur- chase, and hold real estate, and to sell and transfer: the same from time to time to its members or others, on such terms and under such conditions, and subject to such regulations, as may be prescribed by the rules and by-laws of said corporation: Provided, That the real estate held by said corporation shall not at any time exceed two hundred thousand dollars. Sec. 4. That the funds of said corporation shall be loaned and advanced to members and stockholders, or others, upon security ot real and personal estate, and used in the purchase of real estate, for the benefit of its members and stockholders on such terms and under such conditions, and subject to such regulations as may from time to time be prescribed by the rules and by- laws of said corporation ; and it shall be lawful for said corpora- tion to hold such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and per- sonal property, as shall be mortgaged and conveyed to them in good faith, by way of security upon its loans and advances; and may sell, alien, or otherwise dispose of the same to its members, stockholders, and others, as they from time to time may deem expedient. Sec. 5. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall 

continue in force for thirty years and until the next meeting of the Legislature thereafter. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY; President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a AN ACT To CHARTER THE SUMTER AND WATEREE RaILROAD ComPANy. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That David J. Winn, A. J. China, J. D. Graham, H. Harbey, A. White, J. D. Blanding, M. H. McLaurin, and R. P. Monaghan, their associates and successors, be, and are hereby, constituted a body politic and corporate, by the name and style of the Sumter and Wateree Railroad Company. Sec. 2. That the said Company is hereby authorized to con- struct a railroad from the town of Sumter, in Sumter County, ‘to such point on the South Carolina Railroad, at or north of the town of Orangeburg, as may be selected by said corporation, with the right to cross any river or other railroad; and such Com- pany shall have power to receive, possess, own, and transfer, “real and personal property; to have a common seal; to pass regulations and by-laws, not inconsistent with the laws of this State; may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded; and shall have the same exclusive right of transportation on their road which is enjoyed by any other railroad in this State. Src. 3. That for the purpose of creating the capital stock of said Company, which shall not exceed six hundred thousand dollars, the corporators in the first Section named, or any five of them, shall, as soon after the passage of this Act as they may deem expedient, appoint such Commissioners to open books of subscription, at such times and places, and under such rules, as they may prescribe. The capital stock of said Company shall be divided into shares of twenty-five dollars each, and the subscrip- tions thereto may be received payable in money, bonds, lands, 

labor, or material necessary in the construction of said road, in such manner, and on such terms, as may be agreed upon between said Company and such subscribers. Sec. 4. That whenever the sum of ten thousand dollars shall have been subscribed, it shall be the duty of the said corpora. tors, or any five of them, to call a meeting of the stockholders. after giving such notice as to them shall seem sufficient, and at such times and places as they shall determine; and at all general meetings of gaid stockholders, not less than a majority of all the stock ‘subscribed shall constitute a quorum for the transac- tion of business; and said stockholders, when so met in general assembly, shall have power to elect a President and Directors of said Company, whose term of office shall be for one year, and until others are chosen. Sec. 5. That it shall be lawful for any incorporated town of this State to subscribe to the capital stock of said Company such sum, and to be payable in such manner, as the voters of such town shall determine upon at an election to be ordered by the Town Council thereof: Provided, Said Company shall be willing to receive such subscription. And in all meetings of stockholders, the Council of the town subscribing shall appoint some person to represent the stock thereof. Sec. 6. That the said Railroad Company shall have every right, privilege, and power necessary for the purpose of acquir- ing the right of way on such lands as they may require for the 4 location of depots, warehouses, and other necessary establish- ments, or altering or extending the same; and the said Company shall have the benefit of every process or proceeding, and shall be subject to all the restrictions, provided or imposed in Sections 75 to 86, inclusive, of Chapter LXIII. of the General Statutes. Sec. 7. That this charter shall cease and determine unless the construction of said railroad is commenced within three and completed within eight years from the passage of this Act; and the provisions of this charter to be of force for thirty years. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. . 1882 Approved February 9th, A D 7 CY + smh! a¥a\ 

AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE TREASURER OF SUMTER Country TO REFUND CERTAIN TAXES PAID BY TAX PAYERS OF MIDDLETON TowNsuHIP, SuMTER CoUNTY FOR ERECTING A FENCE AROUND SAID TOWNSHIP. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Treasurer of Sumter County be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay out of the taxes collected by him under the Joint Resolution of the General Assembly, approved the 23rd day of December, A. D. 1879, the sum of one hundred dollars, expenses incurred in refer- ence thereto, and the balance thereof be refunded to the respec- tive persons who paid the same. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. _ JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT vo avrHorizE THE ScHoor, CoMMISSIONER OF GEORGE- - TOWN COUNTY TO APPLY CERTAIN SCHOOL FUNDS OF SAID CouNTY TO THE PAYMENT OF PAST DUE SCHOOL CLAIMS OF (1879-80) IN SAID CouNTY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That nthe School Commissioner of Georgetown County be, and is thereby, authorized to apply so much of the surplus fund of the School tax collected for the scholastic year of (1880-81) in said County, to the payment of past due school claims of the scholastic year (1879-80) of the said County, as may be neces- sary, and the balance of said fund to be applied to the payment of claims of the present fiscal year. 

Sec. 2. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with or r gnant to this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the ye of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE EXPENSES OF PE SONS APPOINTED BY THE GOVERNOR TO SIT UPON THE SUPRED CourRT IN CASE ANY OF THE JUSTICES THEREOF BE DISQUA FIED BY REASON OF ANY OF THE CAUSES STATED IN THE 6 Section oF Art. IV. oF THE CONSTITUTION OF THIS STATE. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives e State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General A mbly, and by the authority of the same, That whenever tH overnor, under the provisions of the 6th Section of Article I the Constitution of this State, shall appoint any person to s h the Supreme Court in the place of any of the Justices thereo provided in said Section, the actual. travelling expenses ¢ ch person to and from the place of the sitting of said Cou hd his actual expenses whilst so sitting thereon, shall be pa the Governor out of his civil contingent fund, on an itemizq atement of such expenses certified by the person so appoint . hd serving In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the ye of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tw¢4 J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, = Dp. Lee: wave 

AN ACT To coNsTITUTE THE CounTY COMMISSIONERS OF GREEN- VILLE County CoMMISSIONERS OF HkEALTH AND DRAINAGE, AND TO DEFINE THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES THEREIN. Srction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That |the County Commissioners of Greenville County be, and they -are hereby, authorized in addition to the duties now imposed on them by law, to act as Commissioners of Health and Drainage, and they are hereby empowered as such Commissioners of Health and Drainage, to act as follows, to wit: That in all cases where -a land owner desires to drain his lands and is refused a necessary - outlet upon or through adjoining lands, the County Commission- ers are hereby empowered to hear the case on petition and per- sonal service, and to decide and fix either compensation on the one side or assessment on the other; and their decision in such cases shall have the force of a legal judgment. Sec. 2. That in cases where one-third of the land owners upon - any water course, fora distance of not less-than five miles up and 5 ; down the stream in said County, shall desire to drain the lands upon such water course, the County Commissioners shall, upon petition, personal service, and the testimony of one or more competent engineers, be empowered to make contracts for such drainage, and impose the proper assessment upon the various properties benefited by the same, and the said assessments shall have the force of a legal judgment: Provided, That in both the . above mentioned cases, should any party feel aggrieved by the P decision or action of the County Commissioners in the premises, it shall be lawful for him to appeal to the Judge of the Circuit Court at the term of the Court next ensuing, whose decision in the matter shall be final. Src. 3. That in cases where the general health of the County is seriously affected by the condition of any water course, the -County Commissioners shall, upon petition and proof of at least one-third of the land owners upon such water course, or of one- third of the land owners within two miles on either side of such water course, and not less than five miles up and down the stream, which proof shall contain the affidavits of two physicians, one of whom shall practise in the neighborhood, make an estimate of the cost and proceed to drain such water course as in cases heretofore provided for: Provided, however, That if, in the opinion of said County Commissioners, the cost of such 

drainage imposes too heavy an assessment upon the individual land owners upon such water course, they shall make a report, in writing, of theireestimate and opinion to the Judge of the Circuit Court at the next ensuing term thereof, and if he ap- prove of such report and estimate, which approval shall be in writing, the County Commissioners shall contract for such drainage, and after levying a fair assessment upon all such pro- perty, they shall charge the surplus of the cost of such drain- age to the County, to be carried into their estimate for the County expenses for the next ensuing year. Src. 4. That in cases where the general health of the County or neighborhood be seriously affected by the condition of any mill dam, the County Commissioners of said County shall have the power to remove the cause of such nuisance, provided a fair compensation be paid to the owner thereof, the same to be as- sessed upon the property of those benefited by the removal of such nuisance; and shall further. regulate the condition of all mill dams in said County by requiring the owners thereof to furnish such mill dams with a substantial flood gate, if, in their judgment, the health of the neighborhood or the drainage of the land above the dams require a flood gate to be placed in the dam, to be opened at and kept open for such times as the said County Commissioners shall direct. Tn the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—— AN ACT ro cuarter Mount Horr Cemetery. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That A. F. Edwards, C. E. Chichester, K. Miller, James Allen, J. E. Schonboe, W. A. Brunson, and Jerome P. Chase, Directors, and their associates and successors, be, and they are hereby, made a body politic and corporate, under the name and style of the. Mount Hope Cemetery, and by that name shall be able and capa- 

ble to have and use a common seal, to sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded in any Court, with all other powers usually incident to sucb corporations, and shall Have power to have, hold, purchase, and enjoy, to themselves, their associates, and their successors, the two hundred and thirty-three acres of land near Florence now owned by them, and such other property as the purposes of the corporation may require. Sec. 2. That a plat of so much of said land as shall be held and used exclusively as a place of burial for the dead, shall be recorded in the office of the Register of Mesne Conveyance of the County of Darlington. Src. 3. The said Directors and their associates shall have power to make rules and regulations for the government of the said Mount Hope Cemetery, and for the election and govern- ment of Directors: to appoint such superintendents, officers, and watchmen, as they shall deem requisite; to lay out and ornament the grounds of said Cemetery, and to sell and dispose of burial lots on such terms as they may order: Provided, That no part of said land when once laid off and platted for burial lots and the plat has been recorded, shall ever be used ‘or disposed for any other purpose. Src. 4. Any person who shall wilfully destroy, mutilate, de- face or remove any tomb, monument, grave stone, structure, rail- ing, or other structure, or any tree, shrub, bulb, or plant, within the said Cemetery, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall upon conviction thereof before any Court of compe- tent jurisdiction, be punished by a fine of not less than five nor more than fifty dollars, or imprisoned not exceeding thirty days, the said conviction and punishment not to bar the party injured from any civil remedy. Sec. 5. The Superintendents and Watchmen appointed by said Directors are hereby authorized to subscribe to the oath pre- scribed for Constables, before any officer authorized to admin- ister such oath, and after subscribing to said oath, such Watch- men and Superintendents shall have, exercise, and possess all the powers of police officers within said Cemetery, and shall have power to arrest any and all persons violating the regulations of the said “Mount Hope Cemetery,” and to bring such violators to any Trial Justice, or other Court of competent jurisdiction, to be dealt with according to law. All Superintendents or Watchmen shall wear a badge or star to designate their au- thority. Sec. 6. That'said Mount Hope Cemetery may take and hold 

any grant, gift, devise, or bequest of property upon trust, to apply the same, or the income arising therefrom, under the direction of the Board of Directors, according to the terms of such grant, gift, devise, or bequest. Src. 7. The private property of the stockholders shall not be liable for the liabilities of the Association; and the shares in the capital stock of the Association shall not be liable for the private debts of the stockholders. Sec. 8. All that part of the property of the Association which may be enclosed as a cemetery shall be exempt from taxation. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT To DEFINE THE DUTIES OF CouNnTY COMMISSIONERS, County ScHooL, CoMMISSIONERS, AND County TREASURERS, IN REFERENCE TO THE AUDITING, ALLOWING, AND PAYMENT OF CLAIMS, AND TO REQUIRE ANNUAL REPORTS OF ALL CLAIMS AUDITED, ALLOWED, AND PAID BY THEM, TO BE MADE TO THE CouRT OF GENERAL SESSIONS. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of the several Counties of said State shall keep in their several offices a “File Book,” in which all claims, presented for their consideration, shall be filed by their Clerk, designating the date filed, by whom presented, and to whom said claim belongs, and the character and amount of said claims. The said clerk shall also number said claims in the order in which they are filed, audited, and allowed, from number one upwards. Src. 2. That the County Commissioners shall draw their checks upon the County Treasurers of their respective Counties, in payment of said claims, out of any funds in the treasury ap- plicable to the payment thereof: Provided, That no such checks shall be drawn by the said County Commissioners until they 

shall have been formally notified by the County Treasurer that there are sufficient funds in the County Treasury applicable to the payment of such checks. Sec. 3. That County Commissioners and County School Com- missioners shall make an annual report of all claims filed, aud- ited, and allowed, and ordered paid by them during each fiscal year, to the Presiding Judge at the first term of the Court of General Sessions for each County, which shall be held after the first day of January in each year, which report shall be sub- mitted by said Judge to the Grand Jury for their examination, with the assistance, if necessary, of seme competent persons to be appointed by the Presiding Judge, at a compensation of five dollars per day for each day so engaged, provided that no pay shall be received under this Section for more than four days. After examination the Grand Jury shall report thereon to the Presiding Judge any matter growing out of, or pertaining to, said annual report, which to them may seem worthy of the at- tention of the Court. The said report shall thereupon be filed by the Clerk of said Court, and kept as papers of said Court for inspection by any citizen desirous of examining the same. Sec. 4. That the County Treasurers of the several Counties’ of said State shall not pay any claims-against their respective Counties upon orders of County Commissioners except as here- inbefore provided for; and they shall make an annual report to the Presiding Judge, at the first term of the Court of General Sessions in their respective Counties, which shall be held after the first day in January in each year, of the number, character, and amount of said claims paid by them on orders of County Commissioners and County School Commissioners, and to whom paid; which report shall be submitted by said Judge, to the Grand Jury for their examination, and shall be filed by the Clerk of said Court, and kept in his office for public inspection. Src. 5. That if after examination of said reports of County Commissioners, County School Commissioners, and Treasurers, the Grand Jury shall find any discrepancies between the reports, or any irregularities therein, or any embezzlements of or ex- travagancies in the expenditures of public funds, they shall present the same to the said Court, and orders shall be taken thereon as shall meet the ends of justice. Src. 6. That said reports of County Commissioners, County School Commissioners, and Treasurers, shall be published at least two weeks before the sitting of said Court by said officers or their several clerks in some newspaper published in said County. 

, Sec. 7. That the County Commissioners of the several Coun- ties of said State shall, on or before the 15th day of November of each year, make a report to the Comptroller General of the number, character, and amount of claims audited, allowed, and ordered to be paid by them for the fiscal year ending on 31st of October preceding said 15th day of November, to be by him submitted to the General Assembly for their information in his annual réport; and all claims against a County not presented ¢ during the fiscal year in which they are contracted, or the next | thereafter, shall be forever barred. They shall also make out in ¢ said report an estimate of the amount of money which it will be necessary to raise by taxation in their several Counties for County purposes for the current fiscal year, which shall also be embodied in the Comptroller General’s annual report to the General Assembly. Sec. 8. That any violatiens of the foregoing Sections by the County Commissioners, County School Commissioners, and County Treasurers, shall be deemed a misdemeanor, and upon! conviction thereof in the Court of (reneral Sessions, the party so offending shall be sentenced, by the presiding Judge before whom convicted, to pay a fine of not less than one hundred dol- lars, or be imprisoned.in the County jail not less than one month. It shall also be the duty of the several Circuit Solici- tors to prosecute any violations of this Act. Sec. 9. That this Act shall not take effect until on and after 1st November, 1882. q Sec. 10. That all Acts and part of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a AN ACT TO PROVIDE A LOCAL OPTION LAW FOR THE INCORPORATED CITIES, TOWNS, AND VILLAGES OF THIS STATE. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate agd House of Repre- entatives of the State cf South Carolina, now met and sitting ‘ Der DO ano D2) 

whenever a number of the citizens of any incorporated city, ,town, or village in this State, equal to one-third of the number ) of votes cast in the next preceding municipal election therein, »shall, in writing, on or before the fifteenth day of November in Fany year, petition for an election upon the question of “license” hor “no license” for the sale of intoxicating liquors therein, the Council of such city, town, or village is hereby authorized and required to submit such question to the qualified electors of such city, town, or village, at a special election to be held therein, on or about the first day of December following; and if a majority of said electors vote in favor of “license,” then pthe Council of such city, town, or village shall grant license according to the laws now of force in the State for the sale of liquors in such city, town, or village for the ensuing year; but if a majority of said electors vote in favor of “no license,” then it shall be unlawful for the Council of such city, town, or village so voting, to grant any license for the sale of any spirituous or intoxicating liquors, bitters, or fruits prepared with such liquors, for the ensuing year. Sec. 2. Hereafter all licenses for the sale of spirituous or in- h toxicating liquors in the incorporated cities, towns, or villages of this State shall be granted in such manner as to end on the thirty-first day of December in the year for which they shall be granted. Sxc. 3. That whenever a majority of the electors of any in- - corporated city, town, or village vote in favor of “license,” such n ‘license shall be granted from year to year until another vote h Shall be had under the provisions of this Act with a different result; and whenever a majority of such electors vote in favor of “no license,” the Council of such city, town, or village shall from year to year, refuse to grant licenses until another election shall be held under the provisions of this Act with a different result. Src. 4. This Act shall not apply to any city, town, or village in which the sale of ardent spirits is now or shall hereafter be prohibited by legislative enactment. Szc. 5. That whenever the majority of the electors of any such incorporated city, town, or village shall vote in favor of “no license,” it shall be unlawful for any druggist therein to sell, during the time when no license for the sale of spirituous liquors are granted, any spirituous or intoxicating liquors, bit- ters, or fruits prepared with such liquors, except upon the cer- tificate of a regular practising physician in actual attendance 

upon a patient, such certificate to contain the name of th patient, and shall be filed by the druggist filling the same, an kept for the period of one year subject to inspection at any ti the Council of such city, town, or village may direct Sec. 6. It shall be unlawful for any physician to give a pr scription for any such liquors, except when actually in bon Jide attendance upon a patient Sec. 7. That any person violating Sections 5 or 6 of this A shall, upon conviction, be fined in a sum of not less than tw hundred dollars, or imprisoned for not less than three month or both fined and imprisoned, in the discretion of the Court Src. 8. All elections under this Act shall be conducted accord ing to the laws now governing the municipal elections of th city, town, or village in which they are held Sec. 9. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Ad are hereby repealed, so far as they may interfere with the pr visions of this Act: In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the y of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-twa J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. ‘JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT to cHARTER THE ALSTON, ORANGEBURG, AND CHARLE Ton RarLroaD CoMPANY Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repr sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sittin in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Th Samuel Dibble, Jas. F. Izlar, Geo. H. Cornelson, B. H. Knott O. B. Riley, W. T. Brooker, G. Leaphart, Samuel Horsey, H Meetze, Samuel T. Lorick, J. C. Swygert, J. Li. Black, Gerhar Muller, and J. G. Black, and such other persons and corpor tions as may be associated with them, and their successors an assigns, be, and they are hereby, created a body politic and cor porate, by the name and style of the Alston, Orangeburg, anq Charleston Railroad Company, and by that name may sue an 

be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in any Court of law and equity in this State or in the United States; may make by-laws, and appoint all necessary officers, and prescribe their duties ; and may accept, purchase, hold, and convey any property, either real or personal, necessary for the purposes herein mentioned ; may make contracts, have and use a common seal, and do all other lawful acts incident to and con- nected with said corporation, and necessary for the control and transaction of its business: Provided, Their by-laws be not re- pugnant to the Constitution of this State or of the United States. Sec. 2. . That the said Company be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to construct, maintain, and operate a railroad from a point near Alston, on the Greenville and Columbia Rail- road, and extending to Charleston via Orangeburg, by the near- est practicable route, passing through the Counties of Lexing- ton and Orangeburg. Src. 3. The capital stock of said Company shall be one mil- lion of dollars in shares of one hundred dollars each, with the privilege of increasing the capital stock to such an amount as may be found necessary to carry out the intentions and purposes of this Act, said amount not to exceed five million of dollars; and the shares shall be transferable in such manner as the by- laws may direct: Provided, That when the sum of one hundred thousand dollars shall have been subscribed to the capital stock of said Company, as hereinafter directed, the said corporation, or majority of them, shall, within a reasonable time there- after, appoint a time and place for the meeting of said stock- holders, of which thirty days’ notice shall be given in such newspapers of the State as they may deem necessary, at which time and place the said stockholders may proceed to the organ- ization of said Company, by the election of a President and nine Directors, who shall hold their offices for one year and until their successors are elected, which shall be the first Board of Directors, and which Board may, in their by-laws, pre- scribe the time and manner of holding their subsequent annual elections for President and Directors, subject to the approval of the stockholders at their ensuing annual meeting. Sec. 4. That for the purpose of raising the stock of said Com- pany, it shall be lawful to open books for private subscription, at such times and places, and under direction of such persons, as the said corporators may appoint, and that said subscriptions to the capital stock may be made in money, bonds, lands, materials, 

and work, at such rates as may be agreed upon with said Com- pany; and the said Railroad Company shall have power to mortgage its property and franchises, and issue bonds, on such terms and conditions, and for such purposes and uses of said corporation, as the said Company may deem necessary, if not inconsistent with the laws of this State. Sec. 5. That the said Company shall have full power and au- thority to connect with or cross all other roads on its pro- posed line, and also to unite or consolidate with other railroads in or out of the State, in such manner and on such terms as may be agreed upon between the Companies consolidating : Pro- vided, The same be not inconsistent with the laws of the State. Src. 6. That said railroad Company shall have every right, privilege, and power necessary for the purpose: of acquiring such lands or rights of way as they may require for the location or construction of the said railroad, or for the erection or loca- tion of depots, warehouses, stations, and other necessary estab- lishments, or for extending or altering the same; and the said Company shall have the benefit of every process or proceeding. and shall be subject to all the restrictions provided or imposed by the laws of this State. Sec. 7. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt the property of said railroad Company from taxation for State and County purposes. Sec. 8. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof, in any amount (besides the value of his share or shares therein) not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any otber fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, orin any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 9. That this Act shall be a public Act, to take effect on and after its passage, and continue of force for the term of thirty years: Provided, That this charter shall cease and determine unless the construction of said railroad is commenced on or be- 

fore January 1, 1887, and completed on or before January 1, 1892. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE CLAWSON MINING COMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, C. L. Clawson, J. J. MeLure, and J. Harvey Smith, of Chester County, in the State aforesaid, A. E. Hutchinson, of Rock Hill, in York County, J. W. Marshall, of Fort Mill, in York County, and Dr. J. H. McAden, of Charlotte, in the State of North Carolina, and such other persons as may hereafter become asso- ciated with them, their successors and assigns, be, and they are hereby, created and constituted a body politic and corporate, by the name and style of the Clawson Mining Company, may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in all the Courts of this State, may have and use a common seal, the same to alter at will, may have, hold, purchase, receive, work, sell, mortgage, lease, enjoy, and retain to them, their successors and assigns, lands, tenements, mines of all characters, and chattels, of what- soever kind, as may be deemed by them most conducive to the objects and interests of said corporation. That the business of said corporation shall be mining for gold and other minerals in York County, and other parts of this State. Sec. 2. That said corporation may, under their common seal, make all such by-laws and regulations for the government of said corporation, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of this State, and of the United States, as they may deem proper. Sec. 3. That the capital stock of said Company shall be ‘one hundred thousand dollars, with the right to increase the same by a vote of the stockholders to any sum not exceeding five hun- dred thousand dollars. Said capital stock to be divided into such number of shares, each of such value as the corporators herein named may determine, said shares to be transferable That the under such rules as said corporation may prescribe. 

subscriptions to the capital stock of said Company may be made in money, real estate, machinery, and such other valuable considerations as said Company may prescribe That books of subscription to the capital stock of said corporation shall be opened af such time and place as the corporators may determine; and the said Company shall organize and commence business as soon as the sum of twenty thousand dollars shall have. been sub- scribed, and the sum of three thousand dollars shall have been paid in Sec. 4. That there shall be an annual meeting of the stock- holders of such Company, at such time and place as may be fixed upon in the by-laws, at which meetings a President and Board of Directors, and such other officers as may be deemed necessary shall be chosen; said Board of Directors shall consist of not less than five nor more than seven members, each of whom shall be a stockholder. In all elections each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held or owned by him, and the said Company shall make such regulations relative to the voting by proxy, as they shall deem proper Sec. 5. That said Company shall keep an office at their mine in Fort Mill Township, in the County of York, which for all judicial purposes shall be deemed its location, and at such other place as they may deem proper; and all meetings of stockholders and Directors shall be held at such place, in or out of this State as shall be directed by a vote of the majority of the Directors Sec. 6. That no stockholder shall be liable for the debts of said Company beyond the amount of stock owned by him at the time of the accrual of the liability, and five per centum of the value of said stock: Provided, Proceedings shall be com- menced to hold said stockholder liable for said debt within two years after the accrual of such liability, and within two years after such stockholder shall have ceased to be a stockholder in said Company Sec. 7. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall con- tinue in force for thirty years, and until the adjournment of the General Assembly meeting next thereafter In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 23 A&R 

AN ACT To RENEW THE CHARTER OF THE St. JAMES CHURCH OF James IsLanp, St. ANDREW'S PARISH, AND TO CONFIRM THEIR RIGHTS OF PROPERTY PREVIOUSLY HELD BY SAID CORPORATION: Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of the “St. James’ Church, of James’ Island, St. An- drew’s Parish,” be, and the same is hereby, renewed for the term of twenty-one years from the passage hereof, and shall bear the same relation to the Protestant Episcopal Church of the diocese of South Carolina as it did before the expiration of the original charter; and all property owned by the said Church under its former charter, and now held by the Association known as the “St. James’ Church, of James Island, St. An- drew’s Parish is hereby vested in the “St. James’ Church, of James’ Island, St. Andrew’s Parish.” Src. 2. That so much ofall Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with the provisions of this Act is hereby repealed In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —_———— a“ ACT 10 INCORPORATE THE Farmers’ MANUFACTURING Com- PANY OF CHESTER, S. C. SEcTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That R. S. Hope, Dr. A. H. Davega, Richard Thompson, R. A. Love, William Harden, Alex. Wise, C. B. Stokes, Peter Walker, John 8. Wilson, J. W. Wilkes, William Austin, Granderson Williams William Rosborough, John B. Cornwell, Robert Douglass, J Harvey Smith, and C. IL. Clawson, and their associates and suc- cessors, are hereby constituted a body politic and corporate, by the name and style of the Farmers’ Manufacturing Company of Chester, South Carolina, for the purpose of manufacturing cot- 

ton goods in all its branches, and for the transaction of such business as may necessarily be connected therewith, with power to erect such mills, tenements, and other works as may be necessary to carry on such manufacture; and to raise by sub- scription in shares of fifty (50) dollars each, a capital stock of one hundred thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing the same, by a vote of the stockholders, to five hundred thou- sand dollars. Sec. 2. That the said corporation may purchase and hold such real estate and personal property as may be required for the purposes of said corporation, or such as they may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due them, and may dispose of the same; may have and use a common seal, and make such by-laws for their government as they may deem proper, not inconsistent with the laws of this State, and of the United States. Sec. 3. Said corporation shall not commence business until forty thousand dollars of the capital stock shall have been sub- scribed. Books of subscription to the capital stock of said cor- poration shall be opened after advertisement for sixty days in one of the newspapers of Chester, and as soon as the amount of forty thousand dollars has been subscribed, the stockholders may organize by electing a President and Directors, said Direc- tors to consist of not less than five, nor more than nine persons, all of whom shall be stockholders. Sec. 4. That the capital stock shall be deemed personal prop- erty, and be transferable on the books of said corporation; and no part of said capital stock shall at any time, nor upon anyt pretence, be loaned to or divided amongst the stockholders un- til all the liabilities of said Company have been paid, and no * dividends shall be declared except from the net earnings of the A Company. Src. 5. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share , he may own or represent at the election of President and Direc- _ tors and all other meetings of the Company. Sec. 6. If the proprietor of any share shall neglect to pay any instalment assessed thereon for the space of sixty days after the ‘time appointed for the payment of the same, the Treasurer by ¢ order of the Directors may sell by public auction a sufficient! ‘number of such delinquent shares to pay all instalments then due from him with all necessary charges; the Treasurer’ shall ive notice of the time and place of sale, and of the sum due on 2ach share, by advertising in a newspaper of Chester three 

weeks successively before the sale; and a bill of sale of the said share or shares so sold, made by the Treasurer, shall transfer such stock to tle purchaser, and he. shall be entitled to a certifi eate thereof. Src. 7. That all of the corporators herein named, or a majority of them, may open books and receive subscriptions to the capital stock of said company. There shall be an annual mecting of the stockholders of said company, at such time and place as the Di rectors may by vote determine, at which meetings the President and Directors shall be elected, and they shall hold their offices for one year, and until their successors have been elected Sec. 8. The President and Directors shall submit to the stock- holders annually, under the oath or affirmation of the Treasurer a report setting forth the amount of capital stock paid in, and the general assets and liabilities of the company, which statement shall be published in a newspaper of Chester Src. 9. No part of the capital stock nor any of the funds of said corporation shall at any time during the continuance of this charter be used for any other purposes than those syecified in this charter Sec. 10. The said Directors shall not at any time contract a debt exceeding the amount of stock actually paid in; and in case this provision is not complied with, the Directors under whose administration it shall happen, shall be jointly and severally liable for the same in their individual capacity; such of said Directors as may have been absent, may exonerate themselves from liability by forthwith giving notice of the fact to. the stockholders at a general meeting, which they shall have power to call by adver- tising the same for two weeks in a newspaper in Chester: Pro- vided, The stockholders shall have power, by a vote at a general °meeting called for that purpose or at an annual meeting, to ly t authorize the Directors to borrow money for such purposes as they may deem proper, not exceeding fifty per cent. of the amount actually paid in, for the purpose of buying machinery or defraying the necessary expense Src. 11. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue in force for thirty years In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 avawn 

AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW TOWN- SHIP AND ScHoot Districr IN CHESTER CoUNTY, AND TO AUTHORIZE THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF A LOCAL TAX THEREIN Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Chester County be, and are here- by, authorized and required to lay off a new‘township within the limits of Chester Township, in Chester County, to be known as Sandy River Township, the boundary line whereof shall begin on the north line of Court House Township where the Chester and Lenoir Railroad crosses the same, and runs thence north- ward with said railroad to the County line; thence westward with the County line to the corner of Baton Rouge township; thence southward with line of Baton Rouge township to its in- tersection with the road to Worthy’s Ferry; thence eastward with said road to its intersection with the line of Court House township; thence north and east. with said line to the begin- ning Sec. 2. That said township shall also constitute a school dis- trict, and the inhabitants thereof shall be, and are hereby, created a body politic and corporate, with such government rights, privileges, and liabilities as other school districts, under the Act approved the 22d of March, 1878. Sec. 3. The said school district is also hereby authorized and empowered to levy, on all real and personal property returned in said district, a local tax not exceeding two mills on the dol- lar, to supplement the constitutional tax, for support of said schools by the persons and in the mode following, to wit: The school trustees of said district shall, on or before the 15th day of March next, and again on or before the 1st of November, A D. 1882, and on or before the last named day in each succeed- ing year, call a meeting of all the legal voters living in said dis- trict and returning real or personal property therein; that a notice of said meeting, specifying the time, place, and object thereof, shall be published in one newspaper or more in the County of Chester, and posted on the door of Sandy River Aca- demy, at least twenty days before the said meeting. The per- sons answering the above designation shall appoint a chairman and secretary, adjourn from time to time, decide what additional tax, if any, shall be levied, and appropriate the same in such 

manner as they may think best for maintaining said schools. No tax thus levied shall be repealed at a subsequent meeting The Chairman of the said held within the same fiscal year. meeting shall, in one week thereafter, notify the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and the County Auditor of the amount of the tax thus levied and how it has been appropriated, and the County Auditor shall at once assess such tax on all real and personal property returned in said district or township, and the County Treasurer shall collect the same with the State and County tax; and ft shall be a lien on all property till paid. and defaulting tax-payers shall be liable to like process and penalties as defaulters for State and County taxes. The money collected from said tax levy shall be paid out by the County Treasurer for purposes to which it has been appropriated, on warrants drawn by the trustees of said district, countersigned by the County School Commissioner; and said Treasurer shall be ir liable to said school district for non-performance of his duty in respect to said moneys in same manner and under like penalties as for non-performance of his duty in reference to State and County taxcs. The first assessment under this Act shall be tor the scholastic year beginning on 1st November, 1881. Sec. 4. This Act shall take effect from its passage, and all Acts inconsistent therewith are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, 1882. JOHNSON BRGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To REGULATE THE NUMBER AND COMPENSATION OF TRIAL JUSTICES IN ANDERSON County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be nine Trial Justices for Anderson County appointed by the Governor, with the advice and consent of the Senate. who shall be distributed over the County in such manner as may best subserve the public welfare, and shall serve for the 

term of two years, and until their successors have been appointed and qualified, unless sooner removed by the Governor. Sec. 2. Such Trial Justices as may be located in the County shall receive as compensation for their services in criminal cases the sum of fifty dollars each per annum, and such as may be located at Anderson C. H. shall likewise receive the sum of one hundred dollars per annum. Sec. 3. Nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent any Trial Justice now in office in said County from exists. serving the remainder of his term under the law as it now In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUE OF DEFICIENCY Boxvs OR Srock to Josnua La Bruce anp ANN T. FoGarRTIE IN SATISFACTION OF THE GUARANTEE OF THE STATE ON CERTAIN Bonpbs OF THE SPARTANBURG AND Union RAILROAD COMPANY HELD BY THEM RESPECTIVELY. That whereas Joshua La Bruce is the owner and holder individ- rally and as trustee of certain bonds of the Spartanburg and Union Railroud Company, guaranteed by the State of South Sarolina, which bonds are numbered, respectively, 513, 514, 515, 108, 149, and 478, each bond being of the denomination of five hundred dollars: And whereas it has been made to appear that lhe was prevented from proving the said bonds under the pro- visions of the Joint Res lution providing a mode of ascertain- ng the debt of the State and of liquidating and settling the ame, approved 22d March, 1878: Therefore, Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- hentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting n General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That 

it shall and may be lawful for the said Joshua La Bruce to pro- duce before the Comptroller General of this State the said bonds of the Spartanburg and Union Railroad Company, guaranteed by the State as aforesaid, and to prove to his satisfaction the genuineness thereof and of the guaranty of the State thereon, and the amount of the balance remaining unpaid thereon. Sec. 2. That when it has been established to the satisfaction of the said Comptroller General, that said bonds or any of them are genuine bonds, and that they are of the class of bonds the liability upon which has been recognized by the State, and upon the surrender of the same to him to be cancelled, he is hereby authorized and required to issue for each bond, upon which the State is liable, as guarantor, a Deficiency bond or certificate of Deficiency stock for fifty per cent. of the value thereof in the mode adopted under the provisions of the Joint Resolution aforesaid. And whereas Ann T. Fogartie is the owner and holder of certain bonds of: the Spartanburg and Union Railroad Company, guaranteed by the State of South Carolina, which bonds are numbered, respectively, 400, 431, 301, 397, and 410, each bond being of the denomination of five hundred dollars ; and whereas it has been made to appear that she was prevented from proving the said bonds under the provisions of the “Joint Resolution providing a mode of ascertaing the debt of the State, and of liquidating and settling the same,” approved 22d of March, 1878; therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sec. 3. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ann T. Fogartie to produce before the Comptroller General of this State the said bonds of the Spartanburg and Union Railroad Com- pany, guaranteed by the State as aforesaid, and to prove to his satisfaction the genuineness thereof, and of the guaranty of the State therein, and the amount of the balance remaining unpaid thereon. Sec. 4. That when it has been established to the satisfaction of the said Comptroller General that the said bonds, or any of them, sare genuine bonds, and that they are of the class of bonds the dliability upon which has been recognized by the State, and upon the surrender of the same to him to be cancelled, he is hereby authorized and required to issue for each bond upon which the State is liable, as guarantor, a Deficiency bond or certificate of Deficiency stock for fifty per cent. of the value thereof, in the 

mode adopted under the provisions of the Joint Resolution aforesaid. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. . Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a AN ACT 10 RENEW THE ;CHARTER OF Mars’ Biurr Ferry, on Great Pex Dez River in Marion County, AND TO VEST THE SAME IN N.S. GrBson, AND J. K. GIBSON, THEIR HEIRS AND ASSIGNS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the charter of Mars’ Bluff Ferry, on the Great Pee Dee River, in Marion County be, and the same is hereby, renewed; and | the said Ferry be, and is hereby, vested in N. 8. Gibson and J. K. Gibson, their heirs and assigns, for the term of thirty years; and that the following rates of toll be charged and collected, and no more: For wagon drawn by six animals, seventy cents each way; for every wagon drawn by five animals, sixty cents each way; for every wagon drawn by four animals, fifty cents each way; for every wagon drawn by three animals, forty cents each way; for every wagon drawn by two animals, thirty cents each way; for every wagon drawn by one animal, twenty cents each way; for every two-horse carriage, each way, forty cents; for every one-horse carriage, or buggy, each way, twenty cents; for every person on horseback, each way, ten cents: for loose horses, mules,,cattle,hogs, sheep, and goats, five cents each way; for every person on foot, each way, five cents: Provided however, That no toll or ferriage shall be charged for the transportation across said Ferry of the following persons: ministers of the gos- i pel, pupils on way to or from school, voters attending elec- tions, and members of military commands while on duty. Sec. 2. In case where a greater sum is demanded than is pre- scribed in the foregoing Section, by any person having the man- agement or care of said Ferry, the person demanding or col- 

lecting such excessive charge shall be deemed guilty of a mis- demeanor, and, upon conviction in any Court of competent juris- diction, shall be fined in a sum not less than one hundred dollars and costs, and not more than two hundred dollars and costs, or be imprisoned in the County Jail fora period not less than ninety days. Sec. 3. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_— AN ACT To MAKE APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PER DIEM, MILEAGE, AND STATIONERY CERTIFICATES OF THE MEM- BERS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY, THE SUBORDINATE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES THEREOF, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES HEREIN NAMED. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of one hundred and sixty-four thousand eight hundred and thirty-four 94-100 dollars, if so much be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to meet the expenses of the General Assembly at the regular session beginning November 22d, 1881, and for other purposes herein named, as is more specifically indicated in the several succeeding Sections of this Act. Src. 2. That the sum of thirty-eight thousand two hundred and three 20-100 (38,203.20) dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act be, and the same is hereby, ap- if propriated to cover the amounts authorized to be drawn under the provisions of “a Joint Resolution to authorize the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives respec- tively, to furnish pay certificates for the amount of the per diem and mileage due to each member of the Senate and House of Representatives, and to the officers and employees of both 

branches of the General Assembly, and to authorize the Stat Treasurer to pay the same.” Senate. Sec. 3. That the sum of nine thousand and sixty-nine 10-100 dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to pay the expenses of the Senate from the 11th day of January, 1882, inclusive, to the close of the session, as follows: For the per diem and mileage of the members of the Senate and the presiding officer thereof, if so much be necessary, six thousand one hundred and sixty-four 10-100 dollars; for the pay of T. Stobo Farrow, Clerk of the Senate, five hundred dollars; for the pay of F. J. Ludette, Assistant Slerk of the Senate, two hundred dollars; for the pay of L. T. Levin, Journal Clerk of the Senate, one hundred and twenty dollars, and four dollars per day for the number of days he may be actually engaged in the work of the Senate after the adjournment thereof, not to exceed twenty days, said number of days of such engagement to be certified by the Clerk of the Senate; for the pay of A. D. Goodwyn, Reading Clerk of the Senate, two hundred dollars; for the pay of L. R. Marshall, Ser- geant-at-Arms of the Senate, two hundred and twenty-five dol- lars; for the pay of Sumter Earle, Bill Clerk of the Senate, one hundred and twenty dollars; for the pay of Yates Snowden, Clerk of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, one hundred| and fifty dollars; for the pay J. W. Hutson, Clerk of the Finance Committee of the Senate, one hundred and fifty dollars ; for the pay of George E. Friday and Robert Fishburne, Doorkeepers. of the Senate, each ninety dollars; for the pay Mat Brooks, Dave Griffin, James Kelley, and J. M. Boland, labor- ers of the Senate, each sixty dollars; for the pay of Adam Green, porter in the office of the Clerk of the Senate, sixty dol- lara ; for the pay of Edwin G. Seibels and Edward P. McKis- sick, pages of the Senate, each sixty dollars; for the pay of William J. Lowrance, mail-carricr of the Senate, sixty dollars ; for the incidental or contingent fund of the Senate, five hundred dollars, if so much be necessary, to be paid on certificates drawn by the President of the Senate and attested by the Clerk of the Senate, on accounts audited by the Committce on Contingent Expenses, and passed by the Senate. House of Representatives. Sec. 4. That the sum of twenty-four thousand five hundred 

and fifty-nine and 70-100 dollars of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act be, and the same is hereby, appro- priated to pay the expenses of the House of Representatives from the 11th day of January, 1882, inclusive, to the close of the session, as follows For the per diem and mileage of the members of the House of Representatives, twenty-one thou- sand four hundred and thirty-four 70-100 dollars; for the pay of J. T. Sloan, Clerk of the House of Representatives, five hun- dred dollars; for the pay of W. McB. Sloan, Assistant Clerk of the House of Representatives, two hundred dollars; for the pay of A. S. Todd, Journal Clerk of the House of Representatives, one hundred and twenty dollars, and four dollars per day for the number of days he may be actually engaged in the work of the House of Representatives after the adjournment thereof, not to exceed twenty days. said number of days of such engage- ment to be certified to by the Clerk of the House of Represen- tatives; for the pay of R. M. Anderson, Reading Clerk of the House of Representatives, two hundred dollars; for the pay of J.D. Browne, Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives, two hundred and twenty-five dollars; for the pay of J. K. Vance, Bill Clerk of the House: of Representatives, one hundred and twenty dollars; for the pay of H. M. Davidson, Clerk of the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, one hundred and fifty dollars; for the pay of A. M. Howell Clerk of the Committee on Claims of the House of Representa- tives, one hundred and fifty dollars; for the pay of D. A. Dick- son and Christopher Haynesworth, Doorkeepers of the House of Representatives, each ninety dollars; for the pay of R. W Butler, Keeper of the Speaker’s room, sixty dollars; for the pay of James Green, John Lake, E. Mack, and Ivy Withers, Pages of the House of Representatives, each sixty dollars; for the pay of Saul Hamilton, Charles Neer, C. P. Chisolm, and T. J. Clayton. Laborers of the House of Representatives, each sixty dollars; for the pay of J. J. Kirksey, Mail Carrier of the House of Representatives, sixty dollars; for the incidental or contingent fund of the House of Representatives, six hundred dollars, if so much be necessary, to be paid on certificates drawn by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and attested by the Clerk of the House of Representatives on accounts audited by the Committee on Contingent Accounts, and passed by the House of Representatives. 

Sec. 5. That the sum of two thousand nine hundred and thirty-five 60-100 dollars, if so much be necessary, of the amount appropriated in the first Section of this Act, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to pay the expenses of the Engrossing Department of the General Assembly from the 11th day of January, 1882, to the close of the session, as follows: For the pay of W. St. J. Jervey, F. H. Gantt, J. J. Dargan, R. G. Bonham, T. C. Gaston, D. R. Duncan, J. L. Orr, and Geo. W. Dargan, Solici- tors in the office of the Attorney General, and C. E. Bell, Allen J. Green, J. P. Thomas, Jr., T. B. Barker, N. K. Perry, E. P. Hut- son, A. C. Moore, R. H. Colcock, and C. T. Ladson, Engrossing Clerks in the office of the Attorney General, each five dollars a day for each day’s actual attendance upon the session of the General Assembly; for the pay of John H. Lee, Porter in the (Engrossing Department) office of the Attorney General, sixty dollars; for the pay of Wm. H. Holland, Flag Keeper, and Thomas Jefferson, temporary Special Assistant to Keeper of the State House, each sixty dollars, to be paid on the joint. certifi- cates of the two Houses, signed by the presiding officers thereof and attested by the Clerks ; for the incidental or contingent ex- penses of the Engrossing Department, fifty dollars, if so much be necessary, to be paid on certificates drawn by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and attested by the Clerk of the House of Representatives, on accounts audited by the Committee on Contingent Accounts, and passed by the House of Represen- tatives ; to pay the mileage of the eight Circuit Solicitors, as follows: W. St. J. Jervey, twenty-six 20-100 dollars; F. H. Gantt, twenty-six 40-100 dollars; J. J. Dargan, eight 80-100 dollars; R. G. Bonham, thirteen 20-100 dollars; T. C. Gaston, thirteen dollars; D. R. Duncan, twenty dollars; J. L. Orr, twenty-eight 80-100 dollars; George W. Dargan, nineteen 20-100 dollars. Miscellaneous. Sec. 6. That the sum of ninety thousand sixty-seven and 34-100 dollars, if so much be necessary, of the amount appro- priated in the first Section of this Act, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for miscellaneous expenses, namely : 1. For the payment of Edward L. Spencer, for ré-surveying the dividing line between the State of North Carolina and this State, five hundred and thirty-four 59-100 dollars, to be paid on q 

the order of the Governor upon the warrant of the Comptroller General. 2. For the pay of the following named ex-Auditors, for ser- vices rendered after the expiration of their terms of office, and before the qualification of their successors, to wit: J. T. Robin- son, ex-Auditor of Abbeville County, twenty 37-100 dollars ; C. E. Lartigue, ex-Auditor of Barnwell County, forty-four 75-100 dollars; J. M. Brawley, ex-Auditor of Chester County, twenty- six 25-100 dollars ; G. W. Oswald, ex-Auditor of Colleton County, forty-three 56-100 dollars; Bennett Perry, ex-Auditor of Edge- field County, thirty-five 34-100 dollars; Benjamin S. Williams, ex-Auditor of Hampton County, fifteen 50-100 dollars; T. F. Clyburn, ex-Auditor of Lancaster County, nineteen dollars ; J. A. Smitb, ex-Auditor of Marion County, twenty-seven 27-100 dollars; P. P. Meekins, ex-Auditor of Marlboro County, thirty- one 84-100 dollars; J. N. Lipscomb, ex-Auditor of Newberry County, sixteen 50-100 dollars; J. N. George, ex-Auditor of Oconee County, twenty 32-100 dollars; W. T. McFall, ex-Auditor of Pickens County, sixteen 38-100 dollars; John Meighan, ex- Auditor of Richland County, twenty-cight 96-100 dollars ; C. H. Moise, ex-Auditor of Sumter County, seventeen 28-100 dollars ; T. M. McCutchen, ex-Auditor of Williamsburg County, fifty- three 71-100 dollars; C. S. Wilson, ex-Auditor of York County, fifteen 72-100 dollars. 3. To pay the claims passed by the Generali Assembly, at its regular Session of 1881-82, eight thousand dollars, if so much be necessary. 4. To cover the amounts appropriated by the several Acts and Joint Resolutions, passed by the General Assembly at. its regular Session of 1881-82, twenty-five thousand dollars, if so much be necessary. 5. To pay for the public printing of this fiscal year, including the General Statutes, forty thousand dollars, if so much be necessary. 6. For preparing for the printer, indexing, and making mar- ginal notes of the Acts and Joint Resolutions of the regular Session of 1881-82, to be done under the supervision of the Clerks of the Senate and House of Representatives, two hun- dred and fifty dollars. 7. To provide for the more complete preparation of the Gen- eral Statutes of the State, and for obtaining an index therefor, two thousand dollars ; said sum to include the compensation of 

the members of the Commission, clerical services, and all inci- dental expenses. 8. For the pay of Supervisors of Registration for the first six months’ services, eight thousand five hundred dollars, to be paid monthly. 9. To pay the clerk and incidental expenses of the Board of Harbor Masters of Charleston Harbor for the past fiscal year, two hundred and fifty dollars. 10. To pay the per diem and mileage of the Board of Regents of the Lunatic Asylum, each of whom shall be entitled to re- ceive five dollars per day for each day actually engaged in at- tending the meetings of the said Board, and in going to and returning from the same, and a mileage of five cents per mile for each mile actually travelled, six hundred dollars. 11. To pay the State Constable for the current year, five hun- dred dollars, to be paid upon the application of the Governor, upon the warrant of the Comptroller General, any law to the contrary notwithstanding. 12. To pay the per diem and mileage of the members of the Sinking Fund Commission, who reside outside of the limits of the County of Richland, five dollars per day for each day actu- ally going to, returning from, and attending the sessions of said Commission, and five cents per mile for each necessary mile of travel going to and returning from such sessions, the same to be paid out of any funds in the possession of the Sinking Fund Commission. 13. That the sum of four thousand dollars, if so much be necessary, be and the same is hereby, appropriated to defray the expenses of purchasing registration books for the several counties of this State, to be drawn by the Secretary of State, upon the warrant of the Comptroller General, countersigned by the Governor; such books to be purchased after advertisement for the lowest bidder, who will furnish such books according to, specifications, the contract for furnishing the same to be awarded to the lowest responsible bidder. 14. That the sum of one hundred dollars ($100) if so much be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay extra clerks in the Engrossing Department, to be paid upon the joint certifi- cates of the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives, countersigned by the Clerks of the two Houses, upon the application of the Attorney General. 15. For the purchase of fifty copies of the Digest of South Carolina Reports, prepared by J. Bachman Chisolm and 8. 

Hyde, Jr., seven hundred and fifty dollars, if so much be neces- sary, to be paid to the State Librarian, in accordance with the Resolution of this General Assembly. Sec. 7. That the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives, respectively, shall furnish pay cer- tificates for the amount of per diem and mileage due to each member of the Senate and House of Representatives and to each officer and employee of that branch of the General Assem- bly to which such officer and employee shall respectively belong, signed by the respective officers and properly attested by the Clerk of such branch of the General Assembly. Sec. 8. That this Act shall take effect from and immediately after the date of its approval, and all Acts or. parts of Acts inconsistent with the provisions of this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. or AN ACT to INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF CAMPOBELLO IN THE County oF SPARTANBURG. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all persons, citizens of the United States who are now or here- after may be inhabitants of the town of Campobello shall be deemed, and are hereby declared, a body politic and corporate, and said town shall be called and known by the name of Campo- bello, and its limits shall extend one-half mile in each direction from the academy building, as at present located at said place. Sec. 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be elected on the second Monday in March next, as well as on the second Monday in March of every year thereafter, an election shall be held for an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States, and shall have been residents of the said town sixty days next preced: 

ing said election, at such place in said town as the Intendant and Wardens shall designate, ten days’ notice thereof in writing being previously given, and all the male inhabitants of the said town, of the ago of twenty-one years, who have resided therein sixty days next preceding the election, shall be entitled to vote for such Intendant and Wardens, and the election shall be held from seven o’clock in the morning until six o’clock in the evening, when the poll shall be closed, and the managers declare the re- sult after counting said votes, and notify the persons elected. The Intendant an1 Wardens so elected, before entering upon the duties of their office, shall take and subscribe the oath pre- scribed by the Constitution of the State. Sec. 3. The County Commissioners of Spartanburg County are hereby empowered and authorized, and they are hereby required, to appoint from among the residents of said town three discreet and proper persons as managers to conduct the first election provided for in this Act, and the Intendant and Wardens shall annually thereafter appoint the managers of' election. Sec. 4. That in case a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Intendant or any of the Wardens by death, resignation, re- moval from the State, or otherwise, an election shall be held by the appointment of the Intendant and Wardens, or Wardens, as the case may be, ten days’ public notice thereof being given as aforesaid, and in the case of the sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant, the Wardens, forming a Council, shall be em- powered to elect one of themselves to act as Intendant during such sickness or absence. Sec. 5. That the Intendant and Wardens duly elected and qualified shall, during their term of service, severally and re- spectively, be empowered to preserve the public peace within said town; and the Intendant shall, as often as occasion may require, summon the Wardens to meet him in Council, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and shall. be known by the name of the Town Council of Campo- bello, and they and their successors in office shall have a com- mon seal, and shall have power and authority to appoint, from time to time, such and so many proper persons to act as Mar. shals and policemen as they shall deem necessary and proper, which officers shall have all the powers and privileges, and be subject to all the duties, penalties, and regulations provided by the laws of this State for the office of Constable; and the In- tendant and Wardens in Council shall have power and author- ity, under their corporate seal, to ordain and establish all such 

rules and by-laws respecting the streets, ways, public wells, and springs or fountains of water, markets, and police of the said town, and for preserving, health, peace, order, and good govern- ment within the same, as they may deem expedient and proper and the said Council may affix fines and penalties for offence against such by-laws and ordinances, and appropriate the same to the use of the corporation, but no fine shall exceed twenty dollars All fines may be recovered by an action for debt be- fore a proper tribunal; and no punishment shall exceed twenty days’ imprisonment or twenty dollars fine, either or both, or twenty days’ labor on the public streets. Sec. 6. That the said Town Council shall have power to es- tablish a guard house, and to prescribe suitable rules for keeping and governing the same The said Town Council may by ordi- nance, or the said Intendant and Wardens in person, or any one or more of them, authorize and require any Marshal of the town to arrest and commit to said guard house, for a term not exceed- ing forty-eight hours, any person or persons who, within the cor- porate limits of said tcwn, may be engaged in a breach of the peace, any riotous or disorderly conduct, open obscenity, or public drunkenness, or in any conduct grossly indecent, or dangerous to the citizens of the said town, or any of them. All persons so imprisoned shall pay the costs and expenses incident thereto, which said costs and expenses shall be collected in the same manner as provided in this Act for the collection of fines imposed for violation of ordinances: Provided, Such imprisonment. shall not exempt the party from payment of any fine the Council may impose for the offence for which he may have been committed Src. 7. That the said Council of the town of Campobello shall also be empowered to retain, possess, and enjoy all such property as they may now be possessed of, or entitled to, or which shall bereafter be given, bequeathed to, or in any manner acquired by them, and to sell, alien, or in any way transfer the same, or any part thereof: Provided, The amount of property so held, or stock invested, shall in no case exceed twenty thousand dollars Sec. 8. That the said Council shall also have power to impose an annual tax on all real and personal property within the cor- porate limits of said town Provided, Said tax does not exceed five cents on the one hundred dollars Sec. 9. That the Intendant and Wardens of the said town of °Campobello shall have power to regulate sales at auction within the limits of said town, and to grant licenses to auctioneers Provided, That nothing herein shall extend to sales by or for the 

Sheriff, Clerks of Court, Judges of Probate, Coroners, executor and administrators, assignees, or by any other person under th order of any Court, Trial Justice, or other inferior Court Src. 10. That the Intendant and Wardens of the said town o Campobello shall have power and authority to require all per sons owning a lot or lots in the town of Campobello, to keep i repair the sidewalks adjacent to their lots respectively, and, fo default in this matter, shall have power and authority to impos a fine not exceeding fifteen dollars. Sec. 11. That the Town Council of said town of Campobell shall not have power to grant license for the sale of any ardén spirits or intoxicating liquors within the corporate limits’ o said town, and it sball not be lawful for the County Commis sioners of Spartanburg County to issue any licenses for tha purpose, either within two miles of the corporate limits thereo or in the corporate limits of said town In the Senate House, the eighth day of February. in the yea of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —_——. AN ACT To RENEW, AMEND, AND EXTEND THE CHARTER OF TH TOWN OF WALHALLA, SouTH CAROLINA Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Thaq all persons, citizens of the United States, and residing one year in the limits of the town of Walhalla, or owning real estate within the same, shall be deemed and declared a body politic and corporate, and shall be known by the name of Walhalla; the limits of said town shall embrace all the lands surveyed and admeasured as the town of Walhalla by Tyre B. Mauldin, de- jputy surveyor, according to the general plat thereof. Src. 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and six Wardens, who shall be citizens of this State, and shall have been residents of the State for twelve months next preced- ing the day-of their election, and who shall be elected on the 

third Monday in January of every year, ten days’ public notice of such election having been previously given ; and that all male inhabitants twenty-one years old, citizens of this State, and who have resided in the town twelve months immediately preceding the election, shall be entitled to vote for Intendant and War- dens, (paupers and persons under disabilities for crime excepted.) Sec. 3. That said election shall be held at some convenient public place in said town from eight o'clock in the morning until four o’clock in the afternoon, and when the polls shall be closed the managers shall forthwith count the votes publicly, and de- clare the election and give notice thereof in writing to the In- tendant then being, who shall within two days thereafter give notice or cause the same to be given to the persons duly elected. The Intendant and Wardens before entering upon the duties of their offices shall, respectively, take the oath prescribed in Sec- tion 30, Article IT. of the Constitution, the oath for the preven- tion of duelling, and also the following oath, to wit: As Intend- ant (or Warden) of the town of Walhalla, I will equally and impartially, to the best of my ability, exercise the trust reposed in me, and will use my best endeavors to preserve the peace and carry into effect, according to law, the purposes for which I have been elected: So help me God. And if any person upon being elected Intendant or Warden shall refuse to act as such. 

the time. The Intendant (or his substitute) shall ratify all or- dinances of the Council, but he shall not vote upon any resolu- tion question or ordinance, except in the case of a tie, when he (or his substitute) shall have the casting vote. Sec. 5. That the Intendant and Wardens duly elected and qualified shall, during their terms of service, severally and re- spectively, and said Council, in its organized capacity, be vested with all the powers of Magistrates, Trial Justices or Justices of the Peace, as either of such offices shall exist in this State, within the limits of said town, except for the trial of civil cases, and shall also have power to try all offences against the ordi- nances of the town of Walballa, and sentence offenders to the punishment prescribed for such offences, and the Intendant, or in. his absence, for any reason, the Clerk of Council, shall or may, as often as necessary, summon the Wardezs to meet in Council ; any four of which Council shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the said Conncil and their succes- sors in office, hereafter to be elected, may have a common seal, which shall be affixed to all of their ordinances, may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any court of justice in this State, and purchase, hold, possess, and enjoy to them and their successors, in perpetuity, or for a term of years, any esthte real, personal, or mixed, and sell, alien, or convey the same. Sec. 6. That, in all cases, the persons accused shall have the same right of appeal from the decision of the town authority as from other inferior courts. Sec. 7. The said Town Council shall have power, and are hereby authorized, to appoint or elect from time to time such and 80 many proper person or persons to act as Marshals or Constables as it may deem necessary and expedient for the pre- servation of the peace, good‘order, and police thereof, which persons so appointed or elected shall, within the corporate limits of said town, have the powers provided by law for the office of Yonstables, and shall be removable at the pleasure of said Town Council; and it shall be the duty of the Marshals or Constables, or any oneor more of them, to arrest with or without a warrant, and commit to the guard house of said town for a term not ex- ceeding twenty-four hours, when ordered to do so by the Inten- dant or any one of the Wardens of the said town, any person or persons who, within the corporate limits of said town, may be engaged in a breach of the peace, any riotous or disorderly conduct, open obscenity, public drunkenness, or any conduct in- decent or dangerous, or to the annoyance of the citizens of said 

town, or any of them, and the said Marshals or Constables, or , #Hy one or more of them, shall have power to call to their as- i-sistance the posse comitatus, if need be, to aid them in making such arrests, and upon their failure to perform such duty as re- quired, they shall be subject to such fines and penalties as said Council may impose upon them, the fine not to exceed five dol- lars, or imprisonment not to exceed ten days; and all persons imprisoned shall pay the costs and expenses incident to their ‘imprisonment, which said costs and expenses shall be collected in the same manner as is provided herein for the collection of fines imposed for violation of ordinances, rules, and regulations of said town: Provided, That such imprisonment shall not ex- empt the party from the payment of any fine or penalty that said Council may impose for the offence he, she, or they may ‘have committed; and it shall be the duty of the Marshal or Constable, or any one or more of them, to collect all fines or forfeitures imposed by said Council, and to enforce and carry into effect the by-laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances of said Council, and to serve all papers issued by said Council when so required. , Src. 8. The said Council of Walhalla shall have full power rand authority under their corporate seal to ordain and establish all such rules, by-laws, and ordinances respecting the streets, pavements, ways, markets, public buildings, weights, measures, wells, privies, disorderly places, fire department, police, and in general every other ordinance and by-law as shall appear to them requisite for the security, welfare, and convenience of said town, and for preserving the health, peace, cleanliness, or- der, and good government within the same, and to prevent the violation of its ordinances by imposing fines and penalties, fines not to exceed thirty dollars, or imprisonment not to exceed thirty days, or in commutation of said fine or imprisonment to serve at hard labor on the public streets, ways, or pavements of said town, at the rate of one day for each one dollar of fine im- posed and not paid, under the direction of the town Marshal or Constable, or other person appointed by said Council. Sec. 9. That the said Town Council shall have full power and authority to abate all nuisances within the corporate limits of said town, giving five days’ notice to the occupants of premises where the nuisance lies or exists, and in default or non-compli- ance with the orders of Council respecting a nuisance, the par- ties so offending shall be fined. not more than thirty dollars, or 

imprisoned not more than thirty days in the County Jail for such offence. a Sec. 10. It shall be the duty of said Town Council to keep all roads, ways, bridges, and streets in said town open and in good repair, and for that purpose they are invested with all the pow- ers of County Commissioners or Commissioners of Roads, for and within the corporate limits of the said town; and they may lay out new streets, close up, widen, or otherwise alter those now in use; and shall have full power to classify and ar- range the inhabitants or citizens of said town liable to street, road, or public duty therein, and to torce the performance of such duty under such penalties as are now or may hereafter be prescribed by law; and they shall have full power to compound with all persons liable to work the streets, ways, and roads in said town, upon such terms as their ordinances or by-laws may establish, or their rules and regulations require; the money so received to be applied to the public use of said town, and all persons refusing to labor or to pay such commutation shall be liable to such penalty as is now, or may hereafter be, prescribed by law for similar offences. Sec. 11. And the said Town Council shall have power, with the consent of the adjacent land owners, to close or open all such streets, roads, and ways within the said town as they may deem necessary, by the sale of the freehold therein at private or public sale, as they may adjudge best for the interest of said town, and they shall have power to lay out, open, adopt, and keep in repair all such new streets, roads, and ways as they may, from time to time, deem necessary for the improvement and convenience of said town; and if the owners refuse to cede so much land as may be required for that purpose. the said Town Council may condemn such land and ascertain the amount which shall be paid as just compensation for the right of way required, irrespective of any benefit which the owner may derive from the proposed right of way ; from the amount so ascertained the land owner may have the right to appeal to the Circuit Court as provided in Act of Assembly, approved 22d September, 1868. Sec. 12. That the Town Council of Walhalla shall have power to impose an annual tax upon the keepers of billiard and baga- telle tables'and ten pin alleys, within the discretion of the Coun- cil, and to grant or refuse license for the same upon such terms and conditions and subject to such regulations as they may by ordinance establish. They shall also have power to impose a tax within their discretion on all sales made by itinerant traders 

and auctioneers, on all livery stables and keepers of public drays wagons, carriages and other vehicles*kept for hire, and the said | Town Council shall also have power to impose a tax upon all itinerant persons who shall open any room, tent, booth, or car, for the purpose of taking photographs, daguerreoty pes, or other likenesses within the incorporate limits of said town, and the said Town Council shall have power to impose an annual tax not l exceeding fifteen cents on every hundred dollars of the value of all real and personal property lying within the corporate limits of said town (the real and personal property exempt by law excepted ). The assessment of property for taxation shall be made by the Town Council, in which assessment there shall be a particular description of the property assessed. When the tax imposed by the Council shall not be paid in the time prescribed by the Council for any year, execution for the enforcement of taxes shall be issued, signed by the Intendant, snd countersigned by the Clerk under seal of the incorporation, and directed either to the town Marshal or other person specially appointed by said Council to collect the same, with such costs as are ordinar- ily charged by Sheriffs for levy, sale, advertising, and com- missions; and the said Town Council shall have power to regu- late the price of licenses upon all public shows and exhibitions of whatever kind in said town; and the said Town Council shall have power to enforce the payment of all taxes and assessments levied under the authority of this Act, against the property and persons of defaulters, to the same .extent and in the same man- ner as is or may be provided by law for the collection, of the General State Tax; that executions to enforce the payment of the town taxes shall be issued under the seal of the corporation and directed to the Town Marshal of Walhalla or any other person specially appointed by the said Town Council to collect the same. And all property upon which a tax shall be levied and asssessed is hereby declared and made liable for the pay- ment of same, in preference to other debts due by the persons owning such property at the time of the assessment, except debts due to the State or the United States, which shall be first paid. Sec. 13. That the power to grant licenses to keep taverns or re- tail spirituous or malt liquors, wine, or cider within the limits of said corporation be and the same is hereby vested in the said Town Council, when not inconsistent with existing laws, and they are hereby vested with all necessary power by ordinance or ordinances to suppress or regulate the sale of intoxicating or 

other drinks to be drunk at the place where sold, or in, or upon any of its appurtenances, dr in or upon any of the highways, streets, Janes, alleys, commons, kitchens, stores, shops, public buildings, booths, stalls, or out houses of the said town. All moneys paid for licenses and for fines and forfeitures shall be appropriated to the public use of said town. Sxc. 14. That the said Town Council shall have power to establish and keep in repair a guard house, and to prescribe by ordinance, by-laws, or regulations, suitable rules and regula- tions for keeping and governing the same, and the said Town Council may by ordinance, or said Intendant and Wardens or any one or more of them may in person with or without a warrant or trial had, authorize and require the Town Marshal, police officer, or any constable specially appointed, to arrest and commit to said guard house or the common jail of Oconee County, until such time as a proper trial can be had, any person or persons who may be engaged in a breach of the peace, any riotous, or disorderly conduct, open obscenity, public drunken- hess, or any conduct indecent, or dangerous, or to the annoy- ance of the citizens of said town or any of them, or for the violation of any ordinance thereof. Sec. 15. The said Town Council shall have full power to organize a fire department of the town of Walhalla, define the duties, regulations, and government of the same; that all fines and forfeitures imposed by said Town Council shall be collected by fieri facias. The Sheriff of Oconee County and his deputies for the time being be, and they are hereby. authorized to exe- cute the processes of the said Council as by law the Marshal or Constable of said corporation might or should now do, having the same privileges, powers, and emoluments, and subject to the same duties, as herein provided for such Marshal or Constable: Provided, That. all nulla bona costs incident on any executions issuing from said Town Council and directed to the said Sheriff shall be paid by said Town Council; and the said Town Council shall have the same power as is granted to Trial Justices or other inferior Courts in this State to compel the attendance of witnesses and require them to give evidence upon the trial be- fore them of any person or persons for violating any of their ordinances, by-laws, rules, or regulations; all moneys collected as fines, as well as all sums realized from licenses granted, and taxes levied, shall be applied to the use of said town. Sec. 16. The said Town Council shall, within ten days after the expiration of their term of office, make out and return to their 

successors a full account of their receipts and expenditures during their term, and shall pay over all moneys in their possession belonging to the corporation, and deliver all books, records, and other papers incident to their office, to their successors: and on failure so to do each and every one of them shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, to be collec ted by any proper action by the Town Council. Sec. 17. That for wilful malpractice, abuse, or oppression, the said Intendant and Wardens, severally, shall be liable for indict- ment in the Court of Sessions, and, upon conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding sixty days, or both, at the discretion of the Court, besides being liable for damages to any person injured. Sec. 18. That all ordinances -heretofore passed by the Town iCouncil of Walhalla shall be, and they are hereby, declared legal and valid, and all Acts or parts of Acts heretofore passed in relation to the incorporation of the town of Walhalla be, and the same are hereby repealed Src. 19. This Act shall be taken and deemed to be a public Act, and shall continue in force until repealed In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE Horry AGRICULTURAL SociETy AT EBENEZER \ Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That William E. Gore, William H. Long, A. M. Bellamy, J. Hartford Richardson, Samuel R. Gore, and their associates and successors be, and are hereby, constituted a body corporate and politic, by the name of “The Horry Agricultural Society at Ebenezer and by the said name shall have perpetual succession of officers and members, and a common seal, with power to change the same as often as the said corporation shall judge expedient ; and 

the said corporation shall be liable and capable in law to pur- chase, have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain, to itsel and its successors, in perpetuity, any and every estate, real or personal, whether accruing to the same by gift, purchase, devise or conveyance, not exceeding in value fifty thousand dollars, and the same or any part thereof to sell, alien, devise, or ex- change, as often as the said corporation may deom proper ; and by its name to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be answered, in every Court of law in this State; and to make all such by-laws and rules for the government of said cor- poration as may from time to time be deemed necessary: Pro- vided, Such by-laws and rules be not repugnant to the laws of the land: Provided, further, That the real and personal property of each corporator shall be liable for the debts of said corpora- tion, in any amount not exceeding ten per cent. of the par value of the stock held by them. Sxc. 2. That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall be taken notice of in all the Courts of this State, without being specially pleaded, and shall continue in force for a period of thirty years In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor — AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE CHARLESTON OIL MANUFACTURING COMPANY. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- entatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, aud by the authority of the same, That the charter of the Charleston Oil Manufacturing Company be amended as follows That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, in case it may deem the same necessary, to con- struct a railroad or tramway from the mill or mills of said Com- pany to the track of any railroad company running near the said mill or mills Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the construction of any such railroad or tramway over the land of any person whomsoever without the consent 

of such person, or in case of the absence of such consent, until such proceedings are had thereon .as are provided for manner of acquiring the right of way by persons or corporations. Szc. 2. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jasjintly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount besides the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made : Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor shall be commenced- within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no persoTs holding 4 share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee , or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon bey ond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, adi 222 inistrator, trustce, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 3. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of the capital stock of the said corporation he naa ly own oF represent at all elections and all meetings of the Coraa party; and the said corporation shall have authority, in its by-law’, to make such regulations as may be deemed proper for the re presenta- tion, by proxy, of such stockholders as may be abaeret at such elections and meetings. Src. 4. The capital stock of the said corporation hall be deemed personal property ; and the said corporation sh all have be authority, in its by-laws, to make all such regulations 28 ™9Y deemed necessary and proper for the issuing and transfer ° such stock, or for collecting and enforcing, by sale or otber wise, all subscriptions made thereto. Sec. 5. That this Act shall be deemed and taken aS # public Act. and shall continue in force for the term of thirty (30 >) year, meet- and until the final adjournment of the General Assem bly ing next thereafter. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, i? the year ty -two. of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eigb J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. ves. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representa ti i Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. OHN ON OOD overDo™ 

AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE FURTHER OPERATION OF THE Lunatic ASYLUM. Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all officers now authorized by law to send insane persons to the Lunatic Asylum, shall, before sending such insane person to the Asylum, notify the Chairman of the Board of County Commis- sioners, or the Clerk of such Board, that such person should be sent to the Lunatic Asylum, having first had such lunatic, if of dangerous or violent character, so secured as not to do any damage or injury ;,and the County Commissioners shall as early as practicable ascertain whether or not such insane person should be sent to the Asylum as a beneficiary, or as one to be only in part supported by the State, or as a pay patient; and they shall also investigate the pecuniary condition of all bene- ficiary lunatics from their respective Counties now in the Asylum; and they shall have the right to call upon the Solici- tors of their Circuit for all assistance in law to the carrying out of their duties herein: Provided, That no portion of the corpus of any estate belonging to such patient shall be taken for the current support of such patient. Sec. 2. That if the County Commissioners shall send to the Lunatic Asylum any person who can be now made to pay out of his or her income for his or her support, and shall knowingly or wilfully make a false report upon the condition of any person sent by such officer now authorized by law to send insane per- sons to the Asylum, such Commissioners shall, upon due con- viction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be pun- ished by a fine not exceeding two hundred dollars, and the bond of such County Commissioner shall be liable for such fine. Sec. 3. That nothing herein contained shall be held in any manner to apply to the entrance of pay patients into the Asylum as now provided by law. Sec. 4. That so much of all Acts and parts of Acts as is incon- sistent with this Act be, and the same is hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D . 1882. Na CT) oO 

AN ACT to AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE BENNETTSVILLE AND HAMLET RAILROAD COMPANY.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section two (2) of an Act entitled “An-Act to incorporate the Bennettsville and Hamlet Railroad Company,” approved the 23d day of December, 1878, be, and the same is hereby, amended, by inserting after the word “Railroad,” on the fourth line of said Section, the words ‘or at a point near Laurel Hill, a depot on the Carolina Central Railway,” so that thexaid Section, when amended, shall read as follows: “Sec. 2.. That said Company is hereby authorized to construct a line of railroad from the town of Bennettsville to the North Carolina State line, at a point near Hamlet, a depot on the Raleigh and Augusta Railroad, or at a point near Laurel Hill, a depot on the Carolina Central Railway, by a route to be determined by said Company, after the same shall have been formed.” Sec.'2. That Section four (4) of said Act be, and the same is hereby, amended, by striking out the figures “($50,000)” and the words “fifty thousand dollars,” in the first line of said Sec- tion four (4), and inserting in lieu thereof the figures “($10,000)” and the words “ten thousand dollars,’ so that said Section four, when amended, shall read: “Section 4. That when the sum of ($10,000) ten thousand dollars shall be subscribed for in the manner herein prescribed, the subscribers shall be, and they are hereby, declared to be incorporated into a Company, by the name and style of the Bennettsville and Hamlet Railroad Com- pany, and may meet and organize the said Company at such time and place as may be designated by a majority of the Com- missioners herein named for the town of Bennettsville.” In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT to vest In CAROLINE HARVEY ALL PROPERTY OF WHICH Jonas HARVEY DIED SEIZED AND POSSESSED Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all property real and personal, of which Jonas Harvey, late of Union-County in this State, died seized and possessed, be, and the same is hereby, vested in Caroline Harvey, her heirs and assigns, for- ever, any law of escheat to the contrary notwithstanding In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON ITAGOOD, Governor ~—_—_——— N ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED AN ACT TO INCORPOR- ATF THE RaremMont Manuracturina Company ov Marion County, SoutH CAROLINA 80 AS TO ADD THE NAME OF Epwarp McRae As AN INCORPORATOR, AND TO REDUCE THE AMOUNT OF THE CAPITAL STOCK, PROVIDE FOR OPENING A CANAL, AND 80 AS TO PROVIDE FOR THE ASSESSMENT OF DAMAGES TO SWAMP LANDS FLOWED BY WATER Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 1 of an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the Rae- mont Manufacturing Company of Marion County, South Caro- lina,” be, and is hereby, amended by inserting the name of Ed- ward Me Rae as an incorporator, and by striking out the word ‘ fifty,” in the ninth line of said Section, and inserting the word ‘ five in lieu thereof, so that said Section shall read as follows “That Murdoch McRae, James McRae, and Edward McRae, and such other persons as may become associated with them, and their successors, are hereby made and declared a body politic and corporate in law under the name and style of the Raemont Manufacturing Company, for the purpose of spinning and manu- facturing cotton or woollen fabrics, to be located in Marion 

County, with a capital stock of five thousand dollars, with au- thority to increase the same to one hundred thousand dollars, to be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each.” Src. 2. That the word “twelve” be stricken out, and the word “five” be inserted in lieu thereof in the fifth line of Section 2 of said Act, so that the said Section 2 shall read as follows: ‘“‘That the corporators herein named, or any two of them, shall be per- ‘mitted to open.books of subscription to the capital stock of said Company at such time and places as they may deem fit, and may appoint suitable persons to receive subscriptions to tlfe same; and when the sum of five thousand dollars shall be sub- scribed in buna fide subscriptions to said capital stock, the said corporators, or any two of them, shall file, in the office of the Secretary of State, their affidavit that such amount has been ‘bona fide subscribed ; and thereupon the persons who have sub- scribed to the stock of said Company shall have three weeks’ public notice by advertisement in a newspaper or otherwise, the amount of capital subscribed, and of the time and place when and where such stockholders shall meet to organize said Com- pany.” Sec. 3. That the word “twelve” be stricken out and the word “five” inserted in lieu thereof, in the first line of Section 5 of said Act,.so that said Section 5 shall read as follows: “That . whenever the said sum of five thousand dollars shall have been secured or paid into the capital stock of said company, it shall be authorized to commence business as a manufacturing com- pany under this charter.” Src. 4. That Section 6 of said Act be stricken out, and that the following be substituted : “That the said company shall be 1 authorized to construct a water canal from Little Pee Dee River, to commence at a point at or near McLaurin’s or Currie’s Bridge on said river, and thence by the most eligible route to the mill pond now owned by M. McRae, and to obstruct or dam said river at or near the aforesaid bridge, so as to cause a flow of water through said canal sufficient for said manufacturing purposes, and the right of way for such canal shall be obtained ‘in ‘the same manner as is provided by law for obtaining the right of way where lands are surrounded by other lands in the Act of the Legislature of said State, approved 15th February, 1872, to wit, by referees, one to be appointed by said company, one by the owner of the lands in question, and they to call ina third after such notices, and the decision to be made and re- corded, and compensation to be paid, as is provided in the last 

named Act for obtaining the right of way; and that said can and the pond caused by the dam may be a public thoroughfa for floating logs, timber, and lumber on the condition that pa ties using the same shall be liable for damage done by them t any machinery or fixtures of said company; and that said day may be used as a public highway for crossing said river.” Src. 5. That the following be added as Section 7 of said Ac “That the said charter of said company be, and is hereby, r newed as of the date of this Act, that it be deemed a publ Act, and that it remain of force for the term of thirty years.” In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the ye of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_ AN ACT to AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE GOVERNOR TO APPOI? ONE ADDITIONAL TRIAL JUSTICE FOR WaGnerR TowNsHIP OconEE County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Scnate and House of Repr sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitti in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Th the Governor is hereby authorized, required, and empowered appoint one additional Trial Justice for the Township of Wa ner, in Oconee County: Provided, That said Trial Justice sh receive a salary of fifty dollars per annum in lieu of all fees ff services in State cases. Sec. 2. That said Trial Justice shall be a resident in or ne the town of Walhalla, in said County, and keep his office at t Court House in said town. Src. 3. This Act shall take effect on and after the first day November, 1882. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the ye of our Lord one thousand cight hundred and eighty-tw| J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, _ P. ee ‘C\C)T) 

AN ACT To AMEND SECTION 4 OF AN ACT ENTITLED “AN AcT TO FURTHER AMEND THE LAW IN REFERENCE TO THE DRAW- AP- ING, EMPANELLING, AND TERM OF SERVICE OF JURIES, PROVED Fesruary 20TH, 1880,” IN REFERENCE TO THE County oF MaRIon Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repr sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 4 of an Act entitled “An Act to further amend the law in reference to the drawing, empanelling, and term of’ service of juries, be amended so far as the County of Marion is con- cerned, so as to empower the Board of Jury Commissioners for said County, fifteen day preceding each spring term of the Court to draw thirty-six petit jurors to serve for the first tw weeks of the term, and on the first day of the spring term to draw thirty-six other jurors to serve for the balance of the term Sec. 2. That the Sheriff do summon the jurors so drawn, to attend accordingly. Sec. 3. That this amendment shall only apply to each spring term of the Court for Marion County. Src. 4. This Act shall take effect immediately after its ap- proval In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —_—_ AN ACT To cHARTER A FERRY ACROSS THE SALUDA RIVER, BE- TWEEN THE CouNTIES OF KDGEFIELD AND NEWBERRY, AND TO VEST TIE SAME IN J. W. WYSE, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry, to be known as Wyse’s Ferry, be, and the same is hereby, chartered, to reach across the Saluda River, in the Counties of Edgefield and Newberry, at the point known as Wyse’s Ferry, and that the same be vested in J. W. Wyse, his heirs and assigns for the term of twenty-one years 

' Sec. 2. That the following rates of toll shall be charged, and no more: For every four-horse wagon or vehicle, forty (40) cents; for every three-horse wagon or vehicle, thirty-five (35) cents; for every two-horse wagon or vehicle, thirty (30) cents; for every single horse wagon or vehicle, twenty-five (25) cents; for every single horse and rider ten (10) cents; for every foot passenger five (5) cents; for'every head of horses, mules, cattle, sheep, goats, and hogs, five (5) cents: Provided, That children going to and returning from school, and voters going to and returning from elections, militia going to and returning from musters, and clergymen be passed free of toll. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. : JOHNSON HAGO OD, Governor. AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE TOWN OF SUMTER TO ISSUE CERTAIN BONDS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the town of Sumter be, and is hereby, authorized and empow- ered to borrow money by issuing coupon bonds of the said town to an amount not to exceed in the aggregate the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, to be negotiated at not less than the par value thereof; the proceeds of the same to be used in such man- ner and upon such terms as the Town Council thereof may direct, to aid in the construction of a railroad from the said town of Sumter to some convenient point on the line of the South Caro- lina Railway or any branch thereof: Provided, That said rail- road be completed within two years from the passage of this q Act. Said bonds to bear interest at the rate of seven per cen- tum per annum; to be made payable at such time as the saids Town Council may determine. 

Sec. 2 . That the Town Council of the said town be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to provide a fund by “taxation or otherwise for the payment of the annual interest accruing on said bonds, and for the final redemption thereof. Sec. 3. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with onus Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _—- AN ACT to AMEND AN AcT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPO- RATE THE SPARTANBURG AND RUTHERFORDTON RAILROAD APPROVED JUNE 8TH 1877, BY REDUCING THE SHARES TO FIFTY DOLLARS PER SHARE, AND AUTHORIZING CITIES, TOWNS. AND COUNTIES TO SUBSCRIBE TO THE CAPITAL STOCK OF SAID CoMPANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section ten (10) of an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the Spartanburg and Rutherfordton Railroad Company,” approved June 8th, 1877, be, and the same is hereby, amended by strik- ing out on the sixth line of said Section the words “one hun- dred,” and by inserting in lieu thereof, the word “fifty,” so that said Section, when so amended, shall read : “Said Company shall be authorized to issue coupon bonds, to be secured by a mort- gage or other lien on said road, together with all its property and effects, both real and personal, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding seven per cent. per annum, and payable at such time and place as may be deemed best for the interest of the Com- pany. Theshares to the capital stock shall be fifty dollars each any transfer, lease, or consolidation of the property of said Company shall be submitted to a meeting of the stockholders and by them ratified, before the same shall be legal and binding 

Src. 2. That said Act be, and the same is hereby, amended further, by adding an additional Section, to be known as Section eleven, and which shall read as follows: “That in addition to the provisions contained in this Act in regard to private sub- scription, it shall and may be lawful for any city, town, or J county interested in the construction of said road to subscribe to its capital stock such sum as a majority of their voters may authorize the County Commissioners or proper authorities of such city or town to subscribe, which subscription shall be made in seven (7) per cent. coupon bonds, payable in such in- stalments as the County Commissioners or proper authorities of such city or town shall determine, and to be received by the said Company at par, said bonds to be made payable in equal instal- ments of sixteen, twenty, twenty-four, and twenty-eight years, after the date thereof, and to be of the denomination of one hundred dollars, five hundred dollars, and one thousand dollars: Provided, That the funds realized on such bonds shall be ex- pended exclusively in the construction of said railroad within the limits of the County subscribing, orin the County in which the city or town so subscribing is located. And it shall be the duty of the County Commissioners of Spartanburg County, for the purpose of determining the amount of said subscription, upon the application of one hundred qualified voters in said County, specifying the amount to be subscribed therein, to sub- mit to the qualified electors of said County, ax the case may be, the question of subscription or no subscription to the capital stock of said Company, and they shall have the power to order an election, specifying the time, place, and purpose of the elec- tion, and to appoint three Managers at each election precinct, who shall, without compensation, hold and conduct said elec- tion, at which election the ballots shall have written or printed thereon the word, ‘Subscription’ or ‘No subscription,’ the said County Commissioners having first, by a resolution of their Board, fixed the amount proposed to be subscribed, according to the request of the petition submitted to them, notice of which resolution shall be given by the Chairman of the Board in one | or more of the newspapers published in the County, for forty | (40) days next previous to the election; and the proper cor- porate authorities of any city or town in said County of Spar- tanburg, upon the written petition of fifty voters in any such‘ city or town, shall, in like manner, and after like notice. submit | the question to the qualified electors in said city or town, and declare the result,as is herein directed in cases of County elee- 

tions. It shall be the duty of the Managers to make returns and meet at the Court House or Council Chamber, as the case -may be, and count the votes and declare the result as in other elections, which result shall be certified, in writing, by the Chairman of each Board of Managers to the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, or to the City or Town Coun- cil, as the case may be. In case the majority of the ballots cast shall have written or printed thereon ‘Subscription,’ then the , Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners shall be au- ' thorized and required to subscribe to the capital stock of’ said Company, in behalf of said County, the sum which may have been fixed and named in the resolution of said Board, published as aforesaid, which subscription shall be made in seven per cent. bonds as aforesaid, with interest payable annually; but in all subscriptions made under the direction of a County election, as authorized by this Act, it shall be so expressed in the bonds and coupons issued in payment of such subscription; and all tax levies for the purpose of raising funds to pay the said bonds or coupons shall be made only upon the taxable property in such County ; and if a majority of the ballots cast in any city or , town election shall be for subscription, the proper corporate au- . thorities of such city or town are authorized and required to subscribe in behalf of such city or town, in like manner and to like extent as the County Commissioners are herein required in all cases of County subscriptions.” Sxc. 3. That said Act be, and the same is hereby, amended further, by adding an additional Section, to be known as Section 12, and which shall read as follows: “That for the payment of the interest on said bonds, the County Auditor, or other officer discharging such duties, or the City or Town Treasurer, as the case may be, shall be authorized and required to.assess annually, upon the property of such city, town, or county, such per centum as may be necessary to pay said interest, which shall be known and styled in the tax books as said railroad tax, which shall be collected by the Treasurer under the same regu- lations as are provided by law for the collection of taxes in said county, city, or town, so subscribing, and which shall be paid over by the said Treasurer to the holders of said bonds as the said interest shall become due, on presentation of coupons, which said coupons shall be cancelled by said Treasurer: Pro- ‘vided, That within ten years of the time said bonds shall fall due, the money to pay the same shall be raised by taxation in 

the same manner, and paid out by the County Treasurer, a8 provided above for the payment of the annual interest.” In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. _J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. 2OENSON HAGOOD, Governor. ——- AN ACT to INCORPORATE THE BEAUFORT Society FoR THE PreE- VENTION OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa- tives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Rachel Crane Mather, Lucy Jane Gould, Isabella R. Rich, Mrs. Cornelia Chace Rich, and Mrs. James Odell, their associates, successors, and assigns, be, and they are hereby, created a body corporate and politic, by the name of “The Beaufort Society for the Pre- vention of Cruelty to Children,” and by that name shall have and enjoy all the rights, privileges, and immunities which are necessary to accomplish the purposes of their Society to pre- vent cruelty to children. Sxc. 2. The said Association may sue and be sued, appear, prosecute, and defend, in any Court or place whatsoever, and shall be recognized as a corporation in all Courts; may have and use a common seal, and alter, break, and renew the same at pleasure; and may make such by-laws and regulations, not in- consistent with the laws of this State, as may seem necessary and convenient for their regulation and government in every particular. Src. 3. The said Society may hold, possess, and enjoy prop- erty, both real and personal: Provided, The same shall not at one time exceed in value the sum of twenty thousand dollars ; and may sell, alien, and dispose of the same, in any manner they may deem expedient. Sec. 4. That Trial Justices, Sheriffs, and police officers be, and they are hereby, required to aid the Society thus incorporated 

in bringing offenders to justice, when called upon, in proper cases, in their official capacity. - Sec. 5. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall re- -main in force for the period of ten years. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOY, Governor. -_—— AN ACT To AUTHORIZE CERTAIN CITIZENS TO ERECT GATES ACROSS CERTAIN PUBLIC HIGHWAYS AT OR NEAR Biack RIVER AND ScapEo’ER SWAMPS, IN CLARENDON AND SUMTER COUNTIES. SEcTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That E. R. Plowden, R. E. McFadden, J. D. McFadden, J. S. Durant, Fand others of the “Black River Stock Company,” citizens of Clarendon and Sumter Counties, resident upon the eastern and western shores of Black River and Scapeo'er Swamps, associ- ated to fence said swamps for the purpose of pasturage, be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to erect gates across the public highways, near Black River and Svapeo’er Swamps, in Clarendon and Sumter Counties ag follows, to wit: A gate about one-fourth of a mile east of the eastern terminus of the causeway known as Midway, and one gate a fourth of a mile west of the western terminus of the said causeway ; also agate across the Brewington Road, near Brewington Church, and across same road near the residence of E. R. Plowden. Src. 2. Said Company shall be required to keep good gates, and in such condition as to be easy of ingress and egress by the citizens of the community who may pass through them. Sec. 3. Any person who shall wilfully injure or destroy or rleave open said gates or wilfully turn out the stock enclosed in said pastures, shall be liable to indictment before a Trial Jus- tice, and upon conviction thereof’ may be fined in a sum of not 

less than five nor more than thirty dollars, or be imprisoned for not less than five nor more than thirty days, for each offence. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To EMPOWER THE City CouNcIL OF SPARTANBUURG TO ISSUE BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF REPAIRING AND IMPROVING THE STREETS OF SAID CITY, TO PROVIDE FOR THE INTEREST AC- CRUING THEREON, AND FOR THE PAYMENT OF SAID BONDS. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen- tatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the City Council of Spartanburg shall have power, and are hereby authorized, to issue bonds of said city to an amount not exceeding twenty thousand dollars for the purpose of repairing and im- proving the streets of said city; said bonds to be made payable § at such time or times as the said City Council may deem best, with interest payable semi-annually, at a rate not exceeding seven per cent. per annum, and the coupons for said interest when due to be receivable in payment of all taxes levied by or due to said city: Provided, That the said City Council shall first submit the question of subscription or no subscription to the qualified voters of said city, and two-thirds of the voters who shall vote thereon shall vote in favor of subscription: Provided Surther, That the said election and registration therefor shall be had in accordance with the laws and regulations providing for the election of Mayor and Aldermen of said city. Src. 2. That the managers of election at the election herein provided for, shall certify the number of votes for subscription and no subscription to the City Council, who shall thereupon declare the result. Sec. 3. That if the result of said election be in favor of sub- scription, it is hereby provided and required that the bonds! hereinbefore authorized to be issued shall be applied exclusively j to repairing and improving the streets of the said city of Spar, tanburg; and that the said bonds be issued by order of the City 

Council as the work of repairing and improving the streets of said city progresses. Seo. 4. That the City Council of Spartanburg, in addition to the powers already conferred, shall have power to levy such tax upon the property of said city as may be necessary to meet the principal and interest of the bonds which may be issued pursuant to this Act: Provided, That the amount of such levy shall not exceed one and one-half mills in any one year. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. _— AN ACT To AUTHORIZE THE PAYMENT OF PRESENT AND FUTURE UNEXPENDED BALANCES IN THE HANDS OF THE County TREASURER OF LANCASTER COUNTY ON THE WARRANT OF THE CouNTY COMMISSIONERS, AND TO DIRECT THE APPLICA- TION OF THE SAME, Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Treasurer of Lancaster County be, and he is hereby, required to pay over on the warrant of the County Commis- stoners of the said County, any and all unexpended balances of money that may now be remaining in his hands for past in- ’ debtedness, and all that may be hereafter in his hands from the year immediately preceding, after the payment of current ex- penses, to be applied first to the payment of the past due cou- pons of the Lancaster County bonds, issued in aid of the con- struction of the Cheraw and Chester Narrow Gauge Railroad, and then, if there should be still a surplus, to the payment and cancellation of the said bonds themselves, as far as the same will extend for that purpose. This Act shall remain of force until the whole of the said County bonds shall be fully paid, and be authority for the application of any unexpended balance that may be in the hands of said County Treasurer hereafter to the payment of such coupons and the cancellation of said bonds 

as long as the said bonds may remain unpaid, and as often as such unexpended balances may in the future from year to year arise. Sec. 2. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act and affecting Lancaster County be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF RIDGEWAY, IN THE County oF FatRFIELD,” BY EXTENDING THE RIGHTS, POWERS, AND PRIVILEGES OF THE CITIZENS AND OFFICERS OF SAID TOWN. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 1 of an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the town of Ridgeway, in the County of Fairfield,” approved March 10th, 1875, be, and the same is hereby, amended by inserting between the words “State” and “are,” on the 7th line of said Section, the following: “By the original charter of said town, and by: Acts amendatory of said charter,” so that said Section, as amended, shall be as follows: “Section 1. That the town of Ridgeway, in the County of Fairfield, be, and the same is hereby, incorporated; and all the rights, powers, and privileges now 4 conferred upon the officers and citizens of the town of Ninety- Six, in this State, by the original charter of the said town, and by Acts amendatory of said charter, are hereby conferred on, and vested in, the officers and citizens of the town of Ridgeway.” Sec. 2. That the following be added at the foot of said Act as Section 5, to wit: “Section 5. That the Town Council of the said town of Ridgeway shall have the same powers to enforce. the payment of taxes and assessments heretofore levied and made by them as they would have possessed if this Act had 

been in force when such taxes and assessments were levied and made ” In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To CHARTER THE SEA ISLAND CHEMICAL COMPANY OF Sours CaRoLINa Srcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That D. C. Wilson, Joseph Campbell, George Waterhouse, Edward Austin, and their associates and successors, be, and the same are hereby, declared a body politic and corporate under the name and style of the Sea Island Chemical Company of South Carolina. Src. 2. That the said company be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to build and erect shops, mills, and enclosures at a point or points near the town of Beaufort, in Beaufort County, to mine, dig, and remove phosphate rocks and phos- phatic deposits from the waters and navigable streams of this State, under restrictions as may be imposed by law, and to ma- nipulate and chemically treat the same, to manufacture the same into commercial fertilizers, and to deal in them and their products as merchandise Sec. 3. The stock of the said company shall consist of one hundred thousand dollars, in shares of one hundred dollars each Src. 4. That the said company shall have power, from time to -time, to increase their capital stock to any amount not exteed: ing five hundred thousand dollars. ‘Src. 5. That it shall be lawful to open books in the town of Beaufort, and in the city of New York, under the direction of Edward Austin, who is hereby appointed a commissioner for that purpose; in which said books shall be entered subscrip- tions, not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars, for the pur- pose of purchasing and constructing the buildings, machinery, 

dredges, apparatus, materials, and appliances necessary for the prosecution of business and work of the said company. Sec. 6. The said company shall have succession of officers and members, to be chosen according to the rules and by-laws made or to be made for their government and direction, and shall have power and authority to make by-laws not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to break and-alter at will; to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of law and equity; to purchase, take, hold, sell, and convey in fee simple, or for less estate, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, rights, and credits, which may be connected with, or in any manner conducive to, the purposes for which said Company is established, to dig and mine for earths, rocks, marls, and minerals, to manufacture the same, and such other materials as they may purchase or acquire into chemicals, acids, and fertilizers; to carry on trade therein, and to cultivate such lands as may be purchased or acquired by the said company for the purposes, and also to erect such wharves and warehouses on their premises, with power to collect wharf- age and storage, if at any time the said company muy see fit to open their premises for public business. Src. 7. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in any amount (beside the value of his share or shares therein) not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholders liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have be- come due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after be shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capac- ity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 8. That this charter shall remain in force for twenty-one years after the passage of this Act, and until the end of the next ensuing session of the General Assembly: Provided, That on the expiration or dissolution of the said corporation, the property thereof shall be vested in the several members of the said corpo- ration, in proportion to their respective shares in the capital stock after payment of all the debts of the said corporation. 

Src. 9. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and cighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1881. mOuEON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—— AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE PAYMENT OF WATER USED IN THE PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS OF THE STATE LOCATED IN COLUMBIA. Wuereas, the city of Columbia, through its Mayor and Alder- men, have presented a petition to be released from the contract to supply water to the public buildings of the State, now in force, under authority of Section 3 of an Act of the General Assembly of the State of South Carolina, entitled “An Act to aid the city of Columbia in the construction of new water works, and for other purposes,” passed December 19th, 1855: Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 3 of an Act entitled “An Act to aid the city of Columbia in the construction of new water works, and for other pur- poses,” be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Provided, however, That the said Act shall be restored and revived and remain of force if the city of Columbia shall fail to supply water to the buildings enumerated in the following Section, upon the terms hereinafter set forth. Src. 2. That the Comptroller General be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to issue annually to the order of the City Clerk and Treasurer of the city of Columbia, at the same time the water rents are paid by the citizens of said city, a war- rant or warrants for one thousand dollars on the State Trea- surer, in payment of water supplied by the said city to the Colleges, and all buildings connected therewith, the State House, Lunatic Asylum, Penitentiary, and other public buildings of the State, within the corporate limits of the city of Columbia. 

Sec. 3. That tho State hereby expressly reserves the right. at any time, to rescind the agreement above set forth, and to ceas and determine the annual payments as provided in the forego ing Section: Provided, That instead of such annual payment the State do pay to the city of Columbia, the sum of' fifteen thousand dollars, which said payment shall thereafter entitle the State to the free use of water for the public institution: thereof, by the city of Columbia. And should the State elvct to make such payment in instalments, the annual payments as is provided in Section 2 of this Act shall be proportionately re-+ duced until the whole sum shall be paid in full. Sec. 4. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE SURVEY OF A PORTION OF THE BOUNDARY LINE BETWEEN THE CountiEes oF ILoRRY AND GEORGETOWN, IN ORDER TO DEFINE AND SETTLE THE SAME. Wuereas, doubts exist and disputes have arisen with respect to a portion of the boundary line between the Counties of Horry and Georgetown; now, in order to define and settle the same, Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in Gencral Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That each of the Boards of County Commissioners of the respective Coun- ties of Horry and Georgetown are hereby authorized and re- quired to appoint a surveyor for cach of their respective Coun- ties, who shall, at a time to be appointed by them, survey and locate the boundary line between said Counties. on Waccamaw River, commencing at “a point about half a mile below Prince's Creek ; and thence by a line running over to a cedar post on the seashore (north 863° east), five miles and sixty-seven chains.” Src. 2. That the boundary line, as thus ascertained and lo- 

cated, shall be, and the same is hereby declared, the true boun- dary line between said Counties. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. i} J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To PREVENT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OR INTOXICAT- ING LIQUORS IN THE TOWN OF YORKVILLE, IN YORK County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act no license for the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors shall be granted by the muni- cipal authorities of the town of Yorkville, in York County. Src. 2. That any person violating any of the provisions of this Act, shall upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of’ not more than two hundred dollars, or be imprisoned for a term of not more than six months, or both fined and imprisoned in the discretion of the Court trying the case. Sec. 3. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE ATLANTIC PHOSPHATE CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That 

the Atlantic Phosphate Company shall have power, from time to time, to increase their capital stock to any amount not ex- ceeding five hundred thousand dollars, including their present capital stock, whenever a majority of the stockholders present at any general meeting, oy the Board of Directors, by their authority, shall determine; and such additional stock shall be divided among the stockholders exactly in proportion to their shares in the capital stock of the Company at the time of such increase; but in case any stockholder should not desire to take, er should neglect for one month to take, his or her proportion of such increased stock, the same shall be allotted or so disposed of among the other stockholders ; and books may be opened for the purpose of obtaining addi- tional subscribers to such increased stock, in such manner as the Board of Directors may deem expedient; and in no case shall the members who are unwilling to take their proportion in such increase of stock be assessed to contribute or to make up such increase. Sec. 2. Whenever any such increase of capital shall have been made as aforesaid, the President and Treasurer shall make affi- davit of the fact, and file the same in the office of the Secretary of State, and make publication thereof once a week for three con- secutive weeks in a newspaper in the city of Charleston, which shall be legal notice to all persons dealing with said corporation. Sec. 3. The said Company shall have succession of officers and members, to be chosen according to the rules and by-laws made, or to be made, for their government and direction; and shall have power and authority to make by-laws, not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to break and alter at will; to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of law or equity ; to pur- chase, take, hold, sell, and convey, in fee simple or for less estate, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, rights, and credits, which may be connected with or in any manner conducive to the purposes for which said Company is established ; to dig and mine for earths, rocks, marls, and min- erals, to manufacture the same and such other minerals as they may purchase or acquire, into chemicals, acids, and fertilizers, at their works, situated on. Ashley River, near the city of Charleston, and to carry on trade therein; and to cultivate such lands as may be purchased or acquired by said Company for the purposes aforesaid. Src. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be 26 A&JR 

jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof in an amount, besides the value of his share or shares therein, not ex- ceeding five per centum of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of’ the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stock- holder liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, sball be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 5. That any Director or other officer or stockholder of the said corporation, who shall knowingly and wilfully make, or cause to be made, any fraudulent misrepresentation or mis- representations, as to either the capital. property, or resources, of the said corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by fine of not more than two thousand ($2,000) dollars, or imprisoned for not longer than two (2) years, or both, at the discretion of the Court. Sec. 6. The said Company is hereby authorized to construct and maintain a railroad or tramway from the navigable waters on which their works are situated to the Northeastern and South Carolina Railroads, and for that-purpose to lay their track across any public way: Provided, That such precautions are taken as to offer no hindrance to the public use of such way. Sec. 7. That this charter shall remain in force for thirty ycars after the passage of this Act, and until the end of the next en- suing session of the General Assembly : Provided, That on the expiration or dissolution of the said corporation, the property thereof shall be vested in the several members of said corpo- ration, in proportion to their respective shares in the capital stock, after payment of all the debts of the said corporation. In the Senate House, the eighth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred anc eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9tb, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT vo cHAarTER THE SoutH Botnp RaiILroaD CoMPANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That A. P. Butler, W. B. Rice, A. C. Haskell, J. H. Rion, G B. Lar- tigue, John Bratton, John J. McLure, and W. B. Stanley, F. W McMaster, W. T. Brooker, J..W. Geiger T. M. R. Talcott, T. M Logan, D. J. Knotts, G. A. Goodwyn, and R. L. McCaughrin C. J. C. Hutson, John Lawton, and such other persons as they may associate with them, and their successors, are hereby con- stituted a body politic and corporate by the name of the South Bound Railroad Company, for the purpose and with the power of constructing a railroad from a point within or near the limits of the city of Columbia to some point on the Savannah River be- tween the town of Hamburg on said river, and Hampton Court House, and with power to connect with any railroad in this State or the State of Georgia, and thereby make a short line to Jack- sonville, Florida, and further with the power of constructing a branch road from the most convenient point in Barnwell County to make a short line between the cities of Columbia, in theState of South Carolina, and Savannah, in the State of core}, in the direction of Yemassee. Src. 2. That the capital stock of said Company shall be not less than five hundred thousand ($500,000) dollars, with the privilege of increasing the same to such an amount as may be found neces- sary to construct, extend, and equip the said railroad, not to exceed three million ($3,000,000) dollars ; said capital stock to be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each; and-for the purpose of raising the said capital stock, it shall be lawful to open books of subscription at such times and places to keep them open for such periods of time and under the direction of such persons as may be determined on by a majority of said incorporators That subscriptions may be made in labor, material, lands, or money at such rates and on such terms as may be agreed upon at the time of the subscription, and that all amounts so subscribed either in labor, material, land, or money, shall constitute the oint stock capital for the purpose of constructing and carry ing into operation the railroad provided for by this Act; and the said railroad Company shall have power to mortgage its proper- ty and franchises, and to issue bonds on such terms and condi- tions and for such uses and purposes of said corporation as the Board of Directors thereof may deem expedient: Provided, That 

such mortgages or assignments of its property shall not defeat the preference of judgments for injuries to person or property against said Company. ’ Src. 3. That the said corporation may have a common seal ; -may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of this State; and make all such rules, regulations, and by-laws as are not inconsistent with the laws or Constitution of this State or of the United States. Sec. 4. That the affairs of said Company shall be managed .and directed by a General Board, to consist of seven Directors, to be elected by the stockholders from among their number, an- nually. Src. 5. That the President of the Company shall be elected by the Directors, from among their number, by ballot, and the Board of Directors may appoint such other officers of the said Company as they may think proper. Sec. 6. That all contracts authenticated by the President and. Treasurer shall be binding upon the Company without a seal, unless otherwise directed by the Board of Directors. ‘Src. 7. That tne said Company may, when they see fit, farm ‘out their rights of transportation on said railroad ; and said ‘Company, and every person who may have received from them P the right of transportation of goods, wares, and produce on the said road, shall be deemed and taken to be a common carrier, as respects all goods, wares, merchandise, and produce, intrusted to them for transportation ; that no such transfer of rights shall in any way relieve said Company from any of its liabilities. Sec. 8. That if any stockholder shall fail to pay the instal- tment required of him on his share or shares, by the President sand Directors, or a majority of them, within one month after the call for the same shall have been advertised in one or more papers published in the Counties through which the road passes, it shall and may be lawful for the President and Directors, or a majority of them, to sell at public auction, and convey to the purchasers, the share or shares of such stockholder so failing or refusing, giving twenty days’ notice of the time and place of sale; and after retaining the sum due, and all expenses incident to the sale, out of the proceeds, shall pay the surplus to the former owner or his legal representatives or assignees ; and any purchaser of the stock of the Company under the sale by the President and Directors as aforesaid, shall be subject to the same rules and regulations as the original proprietor ; and no sale by the original proprietor of the stock, or his assignees, shall re- 

lease the original proprietor from his obligation to the Com- pany to pay the whole amount of his subscription; and in addition to the foregoing remedy, the President and Directors may proceed by action in any of the Courts of law, for the re- covery of the instalments due and not paid by any delinquent stocRbolder or his assignee who shall not pay the same. on requisition made in manner and form as aforesaid. Sec. 9. That the stock of said Company may be transferred in such manner and form as may be directed by the by-laws of the said Company. Sec. 10. That the Board of Directors shall, once in every year, at least, make a full report on the state of the Company and its affairs, to a general meeting of the stockholders, and oftener, if directed by a by-law ; and ‘shall have power to call a general mecting of the stockholders, when the Board may deem it expedient; and the Company may provide in their by-laws for occasional meetings being called, and prescribe the mode thereof. Sec. 11. That the said Company may purchase, have. and hold, in fee or for a term of years, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which may be necessary for the said road, or the appurtenances thereof, or for the erection of depositories, store-houses, houses for the officers, servants, or agents of the Company, or for work- shops, or founderies to be used for said Company, or for procur- ing stone or other materials necessary to the construction of the road, or for effecting transportation thereon, and for no other purpose whatever: Provided, That no depositories or other buildings authorized by this Section, shall be erected within one-fourth of a mile of the dwelling house of any indi- vidual, without his consent, unless it be in some town or village, either at the terminus, or on the line of said road. Sec. 12. That the said Company shall have the right, when necessary, to conduct the said road across or along any public road or water course: Provided, That the said company shall not obstruct any public road, without constructing another equally as good and as convenient as may be, nor without mak- ing a draw inany bridge of said road which may cross a naviga- ble stream, sufficient for the passage of vessels navigating said atream, which draw shall be opened by the company for the free passage of vessels navigating said stream. Src. 13. That no stockholder of said company shall be held liable for the debts contracted or acts of said corporation beyond 

five per cent. of the amounts actually subscribed to the capital stock of said company by such stockholders. Sec. 14. That the said railroad company shall be subject to -the provisions of an Act of the General Assembly of South Car- d, 1868, entitled “An Act to declare olina, passed September the manner by which lands or rights of way over the lands of persons or corporations may be taken for the construction or , Provided use of railways and other internal improvements however, That nothing berein contained shall be so construcd as to exempt the company from payment of taxes Sec. 15. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and continue of fore for thirty years from its passage; and the road hereby chartered shall be commenced within five and completed within ten years from the approval of this Act In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor —_——-— AN ACT To AMEND THE CRIMINAL LAW SO AS TO PROVIDE FOR THE BETTER CONTROL OF CONVICTS COMMITTED TO THE PENITEN— TIARY, AND TO PUNISH PERSONS HARBORING OR EMPLOYING ES— CAPED CONVICTS Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the*’same, That the Superintendent of the Penitentiary is authorized and re quired to offer a reward of twenty-five dollars for the capture of feach escaped convict, and besides said reward, to pay to any person why captures and returns to the Penitentiary any es- caped convict, five cents per mile each for said person and con- vict, and any reasonable allowance for expenses for board during the travel to the Penitentiary SEc That it shall be the duty of all Sheriffs, Trial Justices and Constables, forthwith to arrest any escaped convicts who may be found within their respective Counties, and to convey them to the State Penitentiary 

Sec. 3. Whoever shall harbor or employ any escaped convict knowing him to be such, shall be deemed guilty of a misde- meanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined or impris- oned, or both fined and imprisoned, in the dise retion of the pre- siding Judge. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE KiNno's Mountain MILITARY ScHOOL Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Asbury Coward, Principal of King’s Mountain Military School with his associates and successors, be, and are hereby, declared a body politic and corporate, by the name and style of the King’s s Mountain Military School, located in the town of York- ville, South Carolina. Sec. 2 . That the said corporation shall have power, in its cor- porate name, to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of law in this State; to purchase and hold real and per- sonal estate; to have a senl, and to make all such by-laws for the government of said corporation as may be deemed necessary, not inconsistent with the laws of the State Sec. 3. That the said corporation shall have power to appoint officers for the said corporation, and professors for the said schbdol to fill all vacancies as may occur among them, and to remove them at discretion; to prescribe a code of regulations and a course of studies to be pursued by the students; to con- fer degrees and award diplomas, and such other honorary dis- tinctions to graduates as are common in the colleges of similar grade in the United State Src. 4. That the corps of Professors, and the cadets of the 

said school, shall constitute a military battalion attached to the Eighth Brigade of South Carolina State Volunteer troops; the officers of which said battalion shall be appointed by the said That said corporation, and commissioned by the Governor. battalion shall be-subject to the inspection of the Adjutant and Inspector General, and entitled to receive arms and equipments from his office, at his discretion, and upon compliance with the regulations governing such issues to State troops. Src. 5. That the said corporation shall have power to take and hold, by donation, bequest, or purchase, real and personal property, for the use of said college, to any amount not exceed- ing one hundred thousand dollars. Sec. 6. That the liability of the stockholders of said incor- poration shall be the same as provided under Act of General Assembly, entitled “An Act to conform all special Acts of incorporations to the provisions of the Constitution of the State respecting the liabilities of stockholders therein,” approved February 20th, 1880. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Frepresentatiwied, Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. TOE NSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE PAYING OUT OF CERTAIN FUNDS NOW IN THE HANDS OF THE County TREASURER OF THE CounTY OF ORANGEBURG TO THE CREDIT OF THE SEVERAL Scuoot Districts oF sAID CouNTY. Whereas there is now in the hands of the County Treasurer of the County of Orangeburg certain moneys to the credit, of the several School Districts in said County, amounting in the aggregate to the sum of twelve hundred and fifty-six dollars, raised under the provisions of the Acts of the General Assembly of the said State for the purpose of paying the past school in- debtedness of said County. And whereas there was a failure to pay out the said fund to the past school indebtedness of the said 

County, as provided by Sections 3 and 4 of an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the’payment of the indebtedness of the School ” Districts of the County of Orangeburg, approved February 20th, 1880, by reason of' defective bidding And whereas it is desirable that said fund should be paid out without delay to the indebtedness of the several School Districts to which same belongs— Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the School Board of the County of Orangeburg shall, immedi- ately after the passage and approval of this Act, advertise for bids from all persons having claims, past due, against any of the | School Districts of the said County, as provided by Section 3 of an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the payment of the in-] debtedness of the School Districts of the County of Orangeburg. g,) - and shall at the expiration of the time specitied in said Section proceed to open said bids and issue their warrants, as provided in Section 4 of said Act, upon the fund now in the hands of the Treasurer of said County, applicable to the payment of the past due school indebtedness of said County Src. 2. That the Treasurer of said County shall honor and pay said warrants, to the extent of the funds in his bands ap-y plicable to the payment of the past indebtedness of the several and respective School Districts of said County Src. 3. That this Act is not intended to repeal any Section or part of the Act entitled “An Act to provide for the payment of indebtedness of the School Districts of the County of Orange- burg,” but is only intended to provide for the paying out of the funds now in the hands of the County Treasurer, heretofore collected for the purpose of paying the past school indebtedness of said County Sec. 4. That.this Act shall go into effect immediately after its approval In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. OTN OO T) Ono 

AN ACT ro avrnorizE THE BoarD oF ScHooL TRUSTEES OF Scnoou Disrrict No. 1, “Court House Townsui?,” In CHEs- TER County, TO SELL AND CONVEY PROPERTY BELONGING TO SAID SCHOOL District, AND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ScHoo. District. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Board of : School Trustees of School District No. 1, known as “Court House Township or School District,” in Chester County, be, and they are hereby, authorized to sell and convey any property, real or personal, now owned or hereafter to be acquired by the said School District, if, in their judgment, it is best for the interest of the said School District so to do, and, with the proceeds of said sale, to purchase other real or personal property for the benefit of said School District, or improve or repair such other real or personal property as is now owned or may hereafter be acquired by said School District. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To cHARTER THE SPARTANBURG, ANDERSON, AND AT- LANTA Rartroap CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That D.R. Duncan, J. H. Evins, T. J. Moore, T. S. Farrow, E. B. Murray, B. F. Whitner, and such other persons and corporations as may be associated with them, and their successors and as- signs, be, and they are hereby, created a body corporate and politic by the name and style of “The Spartanburg, Anderson, and Atlanta Railroad Company,” and by that name may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in any Court of law and equity in this State or in the United 

States; may make by-laws and appoint all necessary officers and prescribe their duties, and may accept, purchase, hold, and convey any property, either real or personal, necessary for the purposes hereinafter mentioned ; may make contracts, have and use a common seal, and do all other lawful acts properly inci- dent to and connected with said corporation, and necessary for the control and transaction of its business Provided, That their by-laws be not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of this State or of the United States. . Sec. 2 . That the said Company be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to construct, maintain, and operate a railroad extending from the city of Spartanburg, in Spartanburg County, via the town of Anderson, in Anderson County, to the Georgia State line in the direction of Atlanta, Georgia Src. 3. That the capital stock of said Company shall be one million of dollars, in shares of one hundred dollars each, with the privilege of increasing the capital stock to such amount as may be neceessary to carry out the intention and purposes of this Act, said amount not to exceed three million of dollars, and the shares may be transferable in such manner as the by-laws may direct: Provided, That when the sum of fifty thousand dollars shall have been subscribed to the capital stock of said Company, as hereinafter directed, the said corporators or a ma- q jority of them, shall, within a reasonable time thereafter, ap-¢ point atime and place for the meeting of said stockholders, of which thirty days’ notice shall be given in such newspapers of the State as said corporators may deem necessary, at which time nd place said stockholders may. proceed to the organization of said Company by the election of President and nine Directors who shall hold their office for one year, and until their successors are elected, which shall be the first Board of Directors, and which Board may in their by-laws prescribe the time and man- ner of holding their subsequent annual elections for President and Directors, subject to the approval of the stockholders at their ensuing annual meeting Sec. 4. That in all conventions of the stockholders of said Company, such city, town, or County as may subscribe to the capital stock thereof, may be represented by not less than three nor more than five delegates, who shall be chosen by a conven- tion of the tax-payers of such city, town, or County; private stockholders representing their own stock in person or by proxy duly executed. Src. 5. That for the purpose of raising the capital stock of 

aid Company, it shall be lawful to open books for private sub- scriptions at such times and places, and under the direction of such person as the said corporators may appoint, and that said subscriptions to the capital stock may be made in money, bonds material, and work, at such rates as may be agreed upon with said Company ; and the said railroad shall have power to mort- gate its property and franchises and issue bonds on such terms and conditions, and for such purposes and uses of said corpo- ration, as the said Company may deem necessary Sec. 6. That in addition to the provisions contained in the preceding Section for private subscription, it shall and may be awful for any city, town, or county interested in the construc- tion of said road to subscribe to its capital stock such sum as a majority of their voters voting at an election held for that pur- pose may authoriz the County Commissioners or proper au- thorities of such city, town, or county, to subscribe, which sub- scription shall be made in seven per cent. coupon bonds, payable in such instalments as the County Commissioners or proper au- thorities of such city, town, or county shall determine, and to be received by the said Company at par, said bonds to be made payable in (16) sixteen, (20) twenty, (24) twenty-four, and (28) twenty-eight years after the date thereof, and to be of the de nomination of one hundred dollars, five hundred dollars, and one thousand dollar: Provided, That the funds realized on such bonds shall be expended exclusively in the construction and completion of said railroad within the Counties respectively in which they were issued: Provided, That no election shall be held in any of the towns or cities in the said Counties, unless a majority of the owners of real estate situate and living in such town or city shall first petition for an election on the subject of subscribing to the capital stock as herein before provided, and no subscription shall be made by any of the towns or cities until the conditions of this proviso shall have been complied with Sec. 7. That for the purpose of determining the amount of said subscription, it shall be the duty of the County Commis- sioners for each of the Counties through which said railroad will pass, as is herein above provided for, upon the written ap- plication of a majority of the qualified voters in any of said Counties, who are freebolders therein, specifying the amount to be subscribed by the Counties respectively where such written applications are made, to submit to the qualified electors of each County in their respective Counties where such written appli- 

cation is made, the question of “subscription” or “no subscrip- tion” to the capital stock of said Company, and they shall have power to order an election, specifying the time and place and purpose of the election, and to appoint three Managers at each election precinct, who shall, without compensation, hold and conduct said election, at which election the ballots shall have written or printed thereon either the word “subscription” or “no subscription,” the said County Commissioners having first by a resolution of their Board fixed the amount proposed to be subscribed according to the request of the petition submitted to them, notice of which resolution shall be given by the Chair- man of the Board in one or more of the newspapers published in the County for forty days next previous to the election ; and the proper corporate authorities of any city or town in any q q County along the line of said railroad, as is herein provided for, upon the written petition of fifty voters in any such city or, town, shall, in like manner and after like notice, submit the question of subscription or no subscription to the qualified electors of said city or town, and declare the result as is herein directed in cases of County elections. Sec. 8. Any township in any County along the line of said railroad may subscribe to the capital stock of said Company such sum or suins in money as it may determine, in the same manner and mode as provided for subscriptions by Counties, 4 cities, and towns in Sections 6 and 7 of this Act. Sec. 9. That for the payment of the interest on such bonds as may be issued by said Counties, cities, or towns, the County Auditor, or other officer discharging such duties, or the City or Town Treasurer, as the case may be, shall be authorized ard required to assess annually upon the property of such city, town, County, or township, such per centum as may be neces- sary to pay said interest or said sum of money subscribed, which shall be known and styled in the tax book as said railroad tax; which shall be collected by the Treasurer under the same regu- lations as are provided by law for the collection of taxes in any of the Counties, cities, or towns so subscribing, and which shall be paid over by the said Treasurer to the holders of said bonds as the said interest shall become due, on presentation of the coupons, which said coupons shall be reported to the County Commissioners by the said Treasurer, or to the Council of any city or town, when they are coupons from bonds of such city or town; and all said coupons shall be cancelled by the County Treasurer as soon as they are paid by them. 

Sec. 10. That the said Railroad Company shall have every right privilege, and power necessary for the purpose of acquiring such . lands, or rights of way, as they may require for the location or construction of the said railroad, or for the erection or location of depots, warehouses, stations, and other necessary establish- iments, or for extending or altering the same; and the said Com- pany shall have the benefit of every process or proceeding, and be subject to all the restrictions, provided or imposed: by the laws of this State Sec. 11. That said Company is authorized to purchase, lease or consolidate with, any railroad company now existing, or which may hereafter exist, under the laws of this State, or any other State, with which its line may connect Sec. 12. Each stockholder of said Company shall be held liable jointly and severally, to the creditors thereof, in an amount besides the value of his or her share or shares therein, not ex- ceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided also, That proceedings to hold such stockholders liable therefor shall be commenced in two years after such debt may become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stock- holder: Provided further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fidu- ciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, or in an other fiduciary capacity. e Sec. 13. This Act shall be a public Act, and shall take effect on and after its passage. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the.Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN AcT TO INCORPORATE THE GEORGETOWN AND NortH CaAroLinaA NARRow GAUGE RarLtroap Compa NY, ” 80 AS TO AUTHORIZE SAID COMPANY TO CONSTRUCT EITHER BROAD OR NARROW GAUGE OVER ANY POR- TION OF THE ROAD Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same,. That Section 2 of an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the Georgetown and North Carolina Narrow Gauge Railroad Company.” approved March 9th, 1878, be amended by striking out “ Narrow Gauge,” and in- sert in lieu thereof the words “of either broad or narrow guage over any portion or portions of such railroad, or over any branch or branches thereof as may be deemed best by the said railroad “Section company,” so that the Section shall read as follows, viz 2. That the said Company is authorized to construct a railroad of either broad or narrow gauge over any portion or portions of such railroad, or over any branch or branches thereof as may be deemed best by said railroad company, from the town of George- town through the Counties of Williamsburg, Clarendon, Sumter and Kershaw, then to such point in the direction of or on the southern boundary line of the State of North Carolina as may be determined upon, with the right to cross any river or other railroad; and such company shall have power to receive, possess, own, and transfer real and personal property; to have a com- mon seal, and to pass such by-laws, not inconsistent with the laws of this State, as may be necessary to carry out the objects of the corporation; may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded and shall have and enjoy all the rights and privileges of other like corporate bodies under the laws of this State; and shall have the same exclusive right of transportation on their road and branches which is enjoyed by any other railroad in this State. “Src. 3. Said company shall forfeit their charter unless they § begin the construction of said railroad within three years, andy complete it within six years from the passage of this Act.” y In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY; President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 OWN ON = OOT) Ov nO 

AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR AN ADDITIONAL TRIAL JUSTICE FOR CHARLESTON CoUNTY. Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assombly, and by the authority of the same, That immediately after the passage of this Act there shall be appointed and commissioned for Charleston County one Trial Justice in addition to the number now provided for by law, who shall reside in the town of Moultrieville, Sullivan’s Island, and hold office there, have all the powers and duties, and receive the same compensation as is now or may hereafter be provided by law for Trial Justices. Sec. 2. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT vo RENEW AND AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE TOWN OF BENNETTSVILLE. Section 1. Be /t enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act all persons who are citi- zens of this State, and who may have resided for sixty days within the corporate limits of the town of Bennettsville, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, a bedy politic and corporate, and the said town shall be called the town of Ben- nettsville. Src. 2. The corporate limits of the town of Bennettsville shall commence at the intersection of the lands of C. P. Town- send and John A. McRae, on the Adamsville Road, and thence to Crooked Creek, and thence running westwardly with high- water mark of Crooked Creek to a stake on the west side of the residence of C. W. Dudley, running parallel with Marion 

street fo a stake on the lands of J. T. Jennings opposite Amelia street, running on the south edge of said street to a stake on Marion street, thence northeast to a stake east of the barn of Dr. J. L. Jordan, running thence with the line between the lands of J. F. Everett and C. M. Weatherly, and C. P. Townsend and John A. McRae, to the beginning. Sec. 3. That the municipal powers of the town of Bennetts- ville be, and they are hereby, vested in the Mayor and four Aldermen, who shall be denominated the Mayor and Aldermen of the town of Bennettsville. Sec. 4. That the Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall be persons who are constitutionally qualified to vote for members of the General Assembly of this State, and who shall have re- sided witbin the corporate limits of the said town for sixty days preceding election to such office. Src. 5. That the election for Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall be holden on the second Tuesday in the month of April of each year, at which election all persons who have hereinbefore been declared to be members of said incorporation shall be entitled to vote: Provided, however, That it shall be in the power of the Mayor and Aldermen of the town of Bennetts- ville to require a registration of all the voters of said town, as a pre-requisite to voting at any election for Mayor and Alder- men thereof, and for this purpose full power is hereby vested in the Mayor and Aldermen of said town to prescribe the time, place, and manner, and terms of said registration of voters by an ordinance for that purpose. Sec. 6. That the Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall have authority to try any person for voting at any election for Mayor and Aldermen, or any one of them, without legal authority 80 j to vote, and to impose as a punishment therefor upon any per-' son convicted by them, a fine not exceeding twenty-five dollars, or imprisonment for not more than thirty days. Src. 7. That the election of Mayor and Aldermen shall be held at some cenvenient place in the said town from eight of the clock in the morning until six of the clock in the afternoon, when the polls shall be closed and the managers of election shall forthwith count the votes, declare the election, and give notice thereof to the persons who shall have been eleeted; the Mayor and Aldermen for the time being, shall give ten days notice, by public advertisement thereof, of the time and thet place of holding said election, and shall appoint three citizens of said town as managers of said election; and the said man- a 

agers of clection, before they shall open the poils, shall take an oath before some one qualified to administer oaths in this State, that they will fairly and impartially conduct said election, and any citizen who has been appointed a manager of election and shall fail or refuse to serve shall be subject to a fine of twenty dollars, to be imposed by the Mayor and Aldermen of said town; and the Mayor and Aldermen of said town are empow- ered to pass all ordinances, rules, and regulations for the fair and just management of such said elections, and to punish all offen- ces against the same by fine not exceeding twenty dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding thirty days. Sxc. 8. That the Mayor and Aldermen to be elected as above directed, shall, before they enter upon the duties of their re- spective offices, take the oath prescribed by the Constitution of this State, and in addition thereto take the following oath: As Mayor (or Alderman, as the case may be,) of the town of Ben- nettsville, I will equally and impartially, to the best of my skill and judgment, exercise and discharge the trust reposed in me, and will endeavor to carry into effect the purposes for which I have been elected: So help me God. Sec. 9. That any person who has been elected to the office of Mayor or Alderman, and shall refuse to serve, shall pay the sum of twenty-five dollars for the use of said town: Provided, however, That if the person so elected and refusing to serve be over the age of sixty years, or has served as Mayor or Alder- man at any time within the period of three years next pre- ceeding his election, and refusing to serve, he shall be excused. Sec. 10. That the Mayor and — Aldermen, or in the absence of the Mayor, three Aldermen, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; and in case a vacancy shall occur in the office of Mayor or Alderman, by death, resignation, removal, or for any other cause, an election to fill such vacancy shall be held by appointment of the Mayor and Aldermen, or Alder- men, as the case may be, which election shall be conducted in all respects, and be subjected to all the regulations, hereinbefore provided for annual elections; and in case of sickness or tem- porary absence of the Mayor, the Aldermen shall be empowered to elect one of their number to Act as Mayor for the time; but this shall not prevent the Mayor from naming an Alderman to act as Mayor until a regular meeting of the Council, at which regular meeting the election of an Alderman to act as Mayor for the time being shall be had. Sec. 11. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall meet as 

often as they may deem it necessary, for the transaction of busi- ness. They shall provide and keep a common seal, which shall be affixed to all their ordinances, by-laws, rules, regulations, and licenses And the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be empowered to elect a Clerk and Treasurer, whose compensation shall be fixed at two and a half per centum on all moneys received by him, and two and a half per centum on all moneys paid out by him, and one or more marshals, night watchman, street overseer and such other necessary officers for said town, and to establish the compensation to be paid to said officers elected by them except the Clerk and Treasurer, and to prescribe the duties of said officers; to take bonds from said officers, conditioned to se- cure the discharge of the duties pertaining to their respective offices Provided, however, That all officers elected by the Mayor and Aldermen shall be subject to removal from office at their pleasure The marshals so elected shall be duly sworn, and take the oath of office prescribed by law for constables Sec. 12. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be vested jointly and severally with jurisdiction in all criminal cases for violation of the ordinances of said town only that shall occur within the corporate limits of said town, equal to that now vested by law in Trial Justices in the State; and the Mayor or acting Mayor of said town shall hold a court whenever neces- sary to dispose of such cases as may be ready for trial or other consideration Src. 13. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have control over the streets, ways, pavements, sidewalks, bridges, public squares, public buildings within the corporate limits of and be-! longing to said town, and shall be clothed with full power tot protect life, liberty, and property, both public and private, within the corporate limits of said town, and effectuate these grave trusts The said Mayor and Aldermen are authorized to pass such ordinances not inconsistent with the laws of this State as in their judgment may be necessary, and to affix in said ordin- 1 ances to a violation thereof a fine not exceeding fifty dollars or. ‘ imprisonment for not more than thirty days That the said‘ Mayor and Aldermen shall be charged with the duty of keep- ing all streets, ways, sidewalks, pavements, bridges, sewers, and streams, and drains within the corporate limits of the said town open andin good order, and to accomplish this duty they are clothed with all the powers of County Commissioners, but with the limitation that such said powers shall only be exercised Iby them within the corporate limits of said town 

Sec. 14. That all persons by law liable to do road duty and who reside within the corporate limits of said town shall be subject to the control of the said Mayor and Aldermen, who shall be empowered to fix the terms for commutation for persons liable to road duty; and the mone; received for a commutation as aforesaid, shall be applied by them to the use of the said town, and all other persons failing to work upon the streets and ways of said town when thereunto required, or who shall fail to pay the sum fixed for a commutation for said work, shall be fined not more than five dollars or imprisonment for not more than ten days for each and every offence: Provided, however, That any inbabitant of said town liable to. do labor on the public roads, and who resides within the corporate limits of said town shall not be liable to do road duty, except in the corporate limits of said town. Sec. 15. That the sale or vending of any spirituous, malt, or any intoxicating liquors in any quantities within the said incor- porate limits, is hereby prohibited, and neither the County Commissioners or Mayor and Aldermen shall have power and autbority to grant a license for that purpose, and any person who shall sell or offer for sale within the corporate limits of said : town any spirituous, malt, or intoxicating liquors of any kind shall be subject to a fine not less than fifty dollars and not more than one hundred dollars, or imprisoned in the County jail not less than ten days or more than thirty days, or both, in the dis- cretion of the Mayor and Aldermen, who are hereby authorized to try such offenders. Sec. 16. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have the e power and authority to impose taxes each year for the use of isaid town; that is to say, not exceeding twenty cents on each l- fone hundred dollars worth of real and personal property being in the limits of said town; except the property of churches, charitable associations, and institutions of learning, the value of the said real and personal property for the purposes of taxa. tion shall be fixed and assessed as hereinafter provided. Sec. 17. That the Mayor and Aldermen shall annually appoint ‘three citizens of said town to assess the value of real estate for taxation, and said assessors, before entering upon their work, shall take an oath to fairly and impartially assess each parcel of real estate in said town; and a report in writing of the assess- ment as made by them shall be signed by said assessors, and the same filed in the office of the Clerk and Treasurer of said town within the period of thirty days next ensuing upon the date of 

their appointment to assess the real estate of the said town That the said assessors shall receive a compensation for their labor, to bo fixed by the Mayorand Aldermen of said town, and any person who has been appointed to assess the said real estate and shall refuse to perform the duties incident to said appoint- ment, shall be fined by the said Mayorand Aldermen not more than twenty-five dollars, and that the report of the assessment of real property for taxation shall remain in the office of the Clerk and Treasurer of said town for inspection of land owners for: and it shall be in the thirty days next after the filing thercof; the power of the Mayor and Aldermen, for good cause shown, to reduce such assessment, if complaint against the same shall be made to them within the thirty days vext after filing of the assessment for taxation. But after the expiration of said thirty days, such assessment for taxation shall be final. Sec. 18. That the Mayor and Aldermen of said town shall publish a notice to all the inhabitants of the same, for four suc- cessive weeks, requiring every owner of personal property within the corporate limits of said town thereof, to make a fair and just return, .on oath, before the Clerk and Treasurer of said town, within a time fixed in said published notice of said per sonal property for taxation, and upon the failure of any person who is the owner, or is the agent of the owner, of any personal property within the limits of said town, to make such return thereof for taxation, it shall be the duty of said Clerk and Treasurer to assess said personal property for taxation, and his said assessment shall be final But it is expressly provided that in case the Mayor and Aldermen of said town are dissatisfied with the return of personal property made by the owners, o1 the agents of the owners, of said personal property. for taxation, they shall have the power to compel such property owner, or the agent of such property owner, to come before them and fairly account for the personal property of such said owner or agent And in case of neglect or refusal of the owner or agent to obey the summons of said Mayor and Aldermen to come before them and account for his personal property, then, and in such case the said Mayor and Aldermen may fine the said person so refus- ing, the sum of twenty-five dollars for such refusal; and the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be allowed to assess the personal property of the person who shall refuse to attend before them as aforesaid for taxation, in their best judgment, the true value of said personal property Sec. 19. That the said Mayor and Aldermen, for the purpose 

of collecting the taxes upon real and personal property within the corporate limits of said town, and, also to collect such fines as they may have imposed when the said taxes and said fines have not been paid by the persons against whom the said taxes have been assessed or against whom the said fines may have been passed, shall have the power and authority to issue an execu- tion against the property, both real and personal, of the persons who have failed to pay his or her taxes, or who has failed to pay the fine imposed, directed to the Sheriff of Marlborough County, requiring him to sell the property, real or personal, or both, as the case may be, of the person described in said execu- tion to pay the amount fixed in said execution to be due, and that the said execution herein provided for shall conform as near as may be to that now issued out of the Courts of Common Pleas in this State against the property, and such execution shall be signed by the Mayor, or acting Mayor, as the case may be, of said town, and attested by the common seal of said town; and the Sheriff, before making any sales of real and personal property under said execution, shall advertise a notice of the said sale, describing the property therein, in the newspapers pub- lished in said town for twenty-one days next preceding such said sale, and after the Sheriff shall have sold the property he shall forthwith turn over from the proceeds of such sale or sales an amount equal to the tax or fine specified as due in the execution to the Mayor and Aldermen upon their receipt therefor; and the purchaser at the sale of said Sheriff shall receive a deed, in case of the sale of land, and a bill of sale in case of personalty, from the said Sheriff, and the same shall in law operate to con- vey the absolute estate of the delinquent tax payer, or of the person upon whom a fine may have been imposed and payment neglected or refused. Src. 20. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have the power and authority to hold real and personal property for the said town not to exceed in value in the aggregate the sum of fifty thousand dollars, and at the end of each fiscal year it shall be the duty of the said Mayor and Aldermen to cause to be published a detailed statement of their receipts and expendi- tures of money for said town, giving a brief summary of the real and personal property on hand and the probable value thereof. Sec. 21. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall publish for at least thirty days in each year the method of taxation adopted by them, and laying down the rate of taxation in such notice, and prescribing the time when the same shall be payable, 

which time of payment the said Mayor and Aldermen may for good cause extend, provided the extension shall be general Src. 22. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have power and authority to license butchers, auctioneers, itinerant sales- men, and common carriers other than railroads, and by ordi- nance to regulate the conduct of those receiving such licenses, or any of them, and to punish every offence against said ordi- nances by a fine of not more than twenty dollars or imprison- ment of not more than thirty days Sec. 23. The said Mayor and Aldermen shall be authorized and empowered, in their discretion, to lay a tax upon all dogs within the corporate limits of said town: Provided, Said tax does not exceed the sum of one dollar upon each dog; to lay a tax upon all pleasure carriages, barouches, omnibuses, drays, carts, and wagons used for hire, or public employment, within the said corporate limits: Provided, That in any one year no tax on any such carriage, barouche, omnibus, dray, cart, or wagon, used for hire or public employment, shall exceed ten dollars; and to lay a license tax on all shows, circuses, and other itinerant exhibitions. Sec. 24. That the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any of them shall be empowered to require the presence of any person as a witness, while such person may be within the limits of the County of Marlborough: Jrovided, They jointly or severally cause a written or printed notice of the time and place when said witness shall attend; such written or printed notice to be signed by the Clerk and Treasurer of said town, and issued under the common seal of said town, and that the said Mayor and Aldermen shall either jointly or severally cause a written or printed notice to be served upon any person who is to be brought before them, or any of them, for trial, for any violation of any of the ordinances of the town, stating the offence, time and place for trial, and said notice shall be served by either one of the Marshals of the said town, or the Sheriff of Marlborough County, and shall be signed by the Clerk, and issued under the seal of the said town: Prov ided, however, This shall not prevent the arrest of any person who is committing a breach of the peace, or an offence against public decency without such written or printed notice: And provided further, That if the person on whom said notice is served does not appear at the time and place therein stated, a warrant may be issued by the Clerk of the corporation, under seal, and the Marshal or Sheriff of said County shall have the power and authority to arrest such per- 

son wherever found, in the same manner as otber warrants of arrest are executed. Sxc. 25. The Mayor and Aldermen are authorized to have and provide a Guard House or Town Prison, and to make suit- able regulations for its government; and any Marshal of’ said town is authorized to arrest, and to commit to the custody of the keeper of the Guard House, or common Jail of the County of Marlborough, for a period of not more than forty-eight hours, any person or persons who shall be guilty, within the corporate limits of said town, of a breach of the peace, or of public drunkenness, or of open indecency, or any other disor- derly conduct, injurious to the peace, safety, and good order of society; and the said Mayor or Aldermen, or any of them, or the said Marshals, whenever, in the discharge of the duties of their offices respectively, it shall become necessary to arrest person or persons violating the law, sball have authority to call to their assistance the posse comitatus of said town; and who- ever, after being called to the aid of such officers of the law, and shall neglect or refuse to render, the aid required, shall be subject, on a conviction thereof before the Mayor and Aldermen of said town, to a fine of not more than twenty dollars, or im- prisonment for not more than thirty days, at their discretion. Seo. 26. That the said Mayor and Aldermen shall have power to abate all nuisances within the incorporate limits of said town, and also to appoint a Board of Health for said town, and to pass such ordinances as may be necessary to define the power and duties of said Board of Health, and to impose a fine of not more than twenty-five dollars upon any person who shall refuse to serve upon said Board of Health; and it is expressly provided herein that upon the failure of any person in the possession of land within the corporate limits of said town to cleanse the pri- vies or water closets or remove any other nuisance from the premises in his possession or under his control when so directed to do by either the Mayor and Aldermen, or the the Board of Health, it shall be made the duty of said Mayor and Aldermen to cause their marshals or other employees to enter the premises in question and abate the said nuisance at the expense of the per- son in possession of said premises, and if any person shall inter- fere with a marshal or other employee of said town, he shall be adjudged upon proof to convict, guilty of a misdemeanor, for which he may be tried before the said Mayor and Aldermen, and sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one hundred dol- lars or be imprisoned for not more than thirty days; and if the 

person in possession of said premises, when the expenses of cleaning the same shall be demanded of him, shall refuse to pay the same, he shall be adjudged guilty of a violation of the town ordinances, and may be tried before said Mayor and Alder- men, and upon conviction may be adjudged to pay a fine of not more than twenty-five dollars, or imprisonment for not more tban twenty days. Sec. 27. That the said Mayor and Aldermen or any of them shall be subject to indictment for any wilful violation or neglect of duty, besides for civil damages to the aggrieved party. Src. 28. That all the rights, privileges, powers, and authority herein invested in and granted to a Mayor and four Aldermen ¢ for the said town, are hereby vested in the present Intendant j and four Wardens of the said town, who shall, from and after the passaye of this Act, be called the Mayor and Aldermen in lieu of Intendant and Wardens, and to any person elected to fill a vacancy in this number until the second Tuesday of April next, until which time the present Intendant and Wardens shall hold over until their successors in office have been elected and qualified ; at which time, and at all future elections, a Mayor and four Aldermen shall be elected for said town as hereinbefore provided for; and the present Town Council are liable to all the duties, obligations, and penalties imposed by this Act; and during the remainder of their term of office, the present Intendant and two Wardens shall be a quorum for the transaction of bnsiness. Sec. 29. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act, and due notice thereof shall be taken in all the Courts of Justice and elsewhere in this State. That all Acts heretofore passed relative to the incorporation of the said town be, and the same are hereby, repealed, and that this Act continue of torce until the same be repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. Dz. 1862. N OT) 

AN ACT To ArrorD RELIEF TO TimotHy L. Weston, Ex- TREASURER OF CHESTERFIELD COUNTY. Whereas judgment was obtained against Timothy L. Weston, Ex-Treasurer of Chesterfield County, and the sureties on his official bond, on the day of September, 1878, for the sum of four thousand nine hundred and fifty-four 94-100 dollars; and whereas the Solicitor of the Circuit and Attorney for the State, as Plaintiff, in the action in which said judgment was ob- tained, agreed for good and sufficient reasons to compromise the said judgment by accepting one-half of the amount due there- under as payment in full of the same, provided said compromise amount should be paid within a certain specified time; and whereas said compromise amount has been fully paid by the said Weston, but not within the said specified time: Now in order to carry out the purpose and spirit of said compromise : Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the said Timothy L. Weston, Ex-Treasurer of Chesterfield County, and -his said sureties, be, and they are hereby, relieved from all further liability under or on account of said judgment; and the said judgment is hereby declared to be fully paid up and satis- fied as to all rights and claims of the State or of the County of Chesterfield, under or by virtue of the same. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_—— AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE CITY OF ANDERSON. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-' sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage ofthis Act, all citizens of this State, having resided twelve months within this State and six months within the corporate limits of the city of Anderson, shall be 

deemed, and are hereby, declared a body politic and corporate; and the said incorporation shall be called and known by the name of “The City of Anderson,” and its corporate limits shall include all of the area embraced in a circle whose centre is the Court House and whose radius is one mile Sec. 2. The said city shall be governed by a Mayor and six Aldermen, who shall be citizens of the United States, and who shall be persons that actually reside in the corporate limits of the said city, and have so resided at least twelve months im- mediately preceding the day of their election The said Mayor and Aldermen shall be known and called the City Council of Anderson, and‘shall be elected on the second Monday in August of the present year, and at the same time in every second year thereafter, and shall hold their offices for the term of two years and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified The Mayor and any three Aldermen, or any four Aldermen, shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of transacting the business of said corporation, or exercising the powers herein granted to the said City Council or the said Mayor and Aldermen Sec. 3. All male inhabitants of the said city who have resided within the corporate limits thereof for six months next preced- ing any election for members or a member of the said City Council, and who are qualified to vote in State elections, shall be entitled to vote in such election: Provided, That no person shall be allowed to vote at any such election who shall not have registered his name as a voter with the Clerk of the City Coun- cil, to be entered by him in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, before twelve o’clock meridian on the tenth day next preceding every such election and obtained a certificate of such registration from tbe said Clerk, which certificate shall be pre- sented to the Managers when he offers to vote and taken up by them. The Mayor and Aldermen of said city shall give at least ten days’ notice, by advertisement in one or more newspapers published therein, of the time and place of said election, together j with the names of the three Managers appointed by them to con- duct such election and the same notice shall also name the hours and place of registration The book or books of registra- tion shall be kept securely by the Clerk of said City Council and turned over to the Managers on the day of election: Pro- vided, That the said book or books shall be subject to public in- ispection, and any person shall be permitted to make copies; herefrom when the said City Clerk is aot actually engaged in the registration of a voter 

Sxc. 4. The election shall be held in some convenient public place in said city from nine o’clock in the forenoon to five o’clock in the afternoon, and shall be conducted by the Managers ap- pointed as aforesaid, who shall be sworn by the Mayor or an Alderman, or if there be no such person, then by the Clerk of the Circuit Court for Anderson County, fairly and impartially to conduct such election, and make a true return of the result thereof. When the polls are closed, the Managers shall forth- with proceed to count the votes and make a statement: of the whole number of votesc ast in such election, together with the number cast for each person voted for as Aldermen, and shall transmit a certificate of the same in a sealed envelope, with the certificates of registration taken up by them in such election, to the Mayor of said city, and if there be no‘Mayor, then to the Clerk of the Circuit Court for Anderson County ; and the said Mayor or Clerk of Court shall immediately upon the receipt of the re- port of the Managers, open and publish the same by announc- ing the whole number of votes cast in the election, and the number for each person voted for as Mayor and as Aldermen. He shall thereupon declare the person receiving the highest number of votes for Mayor duly elected to that office, and the persons receiving the highest number of votes for Aldermen, in number equal to the number of Aldermen to be chosen, duly elected to said offices. And such Mayor and Aldermen, before entering upon the duties of their respective offices, shall take the oath of office prescribed by the Constitution of this State, and the oath against duelling, and in addition thereto the fol- lowing oath, to wit: “As Mayor (or Alderman) of the city of Anderson, I will faithfully and impartially to the best of my ability, exercise the trust reposed in me, and will use my best endeavors to preserve the peace and carry into effect, according to law, the purposes for which I have been elected. So help me God.” Src. 5. In case a Vacancy occur in the office of Mayor or any of the Aldermen, by death, resignation, or otherwise, an election to fill such vacancy shall be held by the appointment of the Mayor and Aldermen, or Aldermen; and in case there be no Mayor and no Aldermen, then by the appointment of the Clerk of the Circuit Court for Anderson County, ten days’ notice thereof and a registration of voters to be had, as provided in Section three hereof. Whenever the Mayor of said city shall, from any cause, be temporarily unable to attend to the duties of his office, the City Council shall have power to elect one of the 

Aldermen to serve as Mayor during temporary disability ; and during the time be is so acting. such Alderman so designated shall be vested with all of the powers, dutics, and responsibilitie attaching to the office of Mayor of the said city Sec. 6. That the said Mayor, or the City Council, and both of them, are hereby vested with all of the powers and jurisdiction for. the violation of city ordinances, as is now given a Trial Justice, « except in civil cases. The said Mayor shall have power and au-« thority to try all offenders against the ordinances of tbe said’ city immediately upon their apprehension or arrest; or as soon thereafter as possible, unless such persons enter into good and sufficient surety, to be approved by the said Mayor, or, in his absence, by the Clerk of the City Council, to appear for trial five days after such arrest, in which event the trial shall be de- ferred until that time Whenever the said Mayor shall find a party tried before him guilty of violating an ordinance of the ‘ said city, he shall have power to impose, in his discretion, tine or imprisonment within the limits prescribed tor such violation From all decisions of the suid Mayor, any party feeling himscli aggrieved shall have the right of appeal to the City Council, | provided he give notice of such appeal immediately upon the sentence being pronounced, and enter into surety to ap- pear and defend before the said City Council, at a time to be specified in such undertaking, not less than five nor more than Tn all cases tried ten days after the date of such undertaking before the Mayor or the City Council, the party shall first be served with a summons to such trial, in which shall be stated with accuracy the nature of the charge and the time and place of its alleged commission. 7 Src The Mayor shall have authority tosummon the Alder men to meet in Council for the transaction of business pertain- ing to the corporation, whenever, in his judgment, it may be necessary they and their successors hereafter to be elected shall have and keep a common seal, which shall be affixed to all ordinances passed by them they may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of law or equity in this State and may purchase, hold, possess, and enjoy for the trusts herein contained, to them and their successors. in perpetuity or for term of years, any estate, either real, personal, or mixed, and sell, alien, and convey the same at will: Provided, The same dues not at any one time exceed in value the sum of fifty thousand dollars And the said City Council shall have full power to make, ordain, and establish, all such rules, by-laws, regulations, 

or ordinances, respecting the roads, streets, markets police health, and order of said city, as shall appear to them neces- sary and requisite for the security, welfare, and convenience of the said city, or for preserving the health, peace, order, and good government within the same And the said City Council may fix and impose fines and penalties for the violation of the same, not to exceed the sum of one hundred dollars, or im- y prisonment for thirty days, and appropriate all revenues arising therefrom to the uses of the said corporation: Provided, Such ordinances, rules, by-laws, or regulations be not contrary to the laws of this State Sec. 8. The said Mayor may sentence persons convicted of vio- lation of any of the ordinances of said city to fine, or imprison- ment in the alternative, as may be provided; and any person sentenced to imprisonment, directly or in consequence of failure to pay the fine imposed, shall, during their term of imprison- ment, be required to work upon the streets of said city, unless they be expressly exempted therefrom in the sentence pro- nounced by the said Mayor Sec. 9. The Mayor and Aldermen of said city shall have full and -only power to grant or refuse license to retail spirituous liquors - within said limits, which licenses shall be granted in the same manner, and upon like conditions as they now are, or may here- after be, under the laws of this State, except that the said City Council shall not grant such licenses for retail at less than three hundred dollars per annum, or for bottle or quart license at less than one hundred dollars per annum, and no such license shall be granted for a longer period than one year. All moneys aris- ing from the granting of licenses, and from fines, or forteitures for retailing spirituous liquors, or keeping taverns, or billiard tables in said city without license, shall be appropriated to the uses of said corporation. Src. 10. The Mayor and Aldermen shall have full and exclu- sive control over all streets, roads, and ways in the said city, and it shall be their duty to keep them open and in good repair They shall have power, with the consent of the adjacent land owners, to close or change all such roads, streets, or way: within said city, as they may deem conducive to the public con- venience, and may sell the freehold of any such street, road, or way, as they may close, either at private or public sale, as they may deem best And they shall have power to lay out, adopt. open, and keep in repair, all such new ways, streets, or roads as they may deem necessary for the improvement and con- 

venience of the said city: Provided, They first obtain the con- sent of the land owners through whose land such street, road, or way may pass. The said City Council shall have power to require all persons owning a lot or lots in said city to make and keep in good repair sidewalks in front of said lot or lots when- ever the same shall front on or adjoin any public street in said city, if in the judgment of the said City Council such sidewalks shall be necessary, the width thereof and the manner of their construction, to be designated and regulated by the said Council; aud in default or refusal to make and keep in repair such side- walks, the City Council may cause the same to be made and put in repair, and require the owner to pay the cost of making or repairing the same, and the said City Council are hereby em- powered to sue for and recover the same by action of debt in any Court of competent jurisdiction in Anderson County: Pro- vided, That such contract for making or repairing be let to the lowest bidder. And the said City Council shall have all the powers over the streets, roads, and ways therein which are now given, or may hereafter be given, to County Commissioners over the roads in their several Counties, subject, nevertheless, to the limitations herein prescribed. And they shall have power to compound with all persons liable to work the streets, ways, and roads in said city, upon such terms as they shall by ordinance establish ; the moneys so received to be applied to the uses of such corporation. Sec. 11. That the said City Council shall have power to im- pose an annual city tax upon the keepers of all billiard tables and ten-pin alleys, or other pin alleys, within the discretion of the said Council, and to grant or refuse license for the same, upon such terms and conditions, and subject to such regulations, as they, by ordinance, may establish. They shall have power to impose-a tax, within their discretion, upon all sales made by { itinerant traders and auctioneers, upon all public drays, wagons, qu carriages, omnibuses, and other vehicles kept for hire, and on the owners or proprietors of' all dogs, hogs, sheep, goats, and The cattle kept within the corporate limits of the said city. said City Council shall have power to impose an annual tax on the amount of all sales of goods, wares, and merchandise, and also on the amount of income arising from all factorage, em-? ¢ ploy ments, faculties, and professions, including the profession of dentistry; also on the amount of income from all moneys* loaned at interest, and upon the amount of income received from banks and other stocks: Provided, That no tax shall be 

imposed in any one year to exceed the rate of thirty cents on each one hundred dollars of the value of such sales and income. And the said City Council shall have power to impose an an- nual tax on all carriages and wagons of whatever kind kept for private use; on all gold, silver, and other watches kept for pri- vate use in said city. And the said City Council shall have power to impose an annual tax not to exceed the sum of thirty cents on every hundred dollars of value on all real estate lying within the said corporate limits, and on personal property owned and held within the same, including bonds and stocks of banks and insurance companies and other corporations, the real estate of churches and school associations and the Anderson Agricultural Fair Association excepted; and for that purpose they shall appoint three freeholders residing therein, to assess the value of the said real estate, upon oath, and return the as- sessment, within one month, to said Council for taxation, and the said Council shall have power to fill any vacancy arising from any cause on the said Board of Assessors. The City Council shall have power to regulate the price of licenses upon all public shows and exhibitions in said city ; to erect a powder magazine, and to compel every person holding more than twenty- tive pounds of powder at one time to store the same therein, and to make regulations for rates of storage thereof, and for keeping and storing the same: Provided, That no license for any circus shall be granted for a less sum than three hundred dollars by the said City Council. They shall have power and authority to organize, equip, and control a fire department for the protection of said city in such way as they may deem neces- sary. And the said City Council shall have power to enforce the payment of all taxes and assessments levied under the authority of this Act, against the property and the persons of de- faulters, to the same extent and in the same manner as is pro- vided by law for the collection of the general State tax, except that the executions to enforce the payment of the city taxes shall be issued under the seal of the said corporation and di- rected to the Chief of Police or other persons especially, ap- pointed by the said Council to collect the same; and all prop- erty upon which a tax shall be levied and assessed shall be liable for the payment thereof in preference to all other debts due by the person owning the same at the time of the assess- ment, except debts due the State, which shall be first paid. The said moneys, together with all other moneys collected by the authority of the provisions of this Act, and the ordinances 

passed in conformity thereto from whatever source said moneys may arise. shall be paid into the treasury of said city for the use of the corporation Sec. 12. In the assessment of all property in said city, it shall be the duty of the Clerk of the City Council to deliver to or leave at the residence or place of business of each person within the said corporate limits, a printed form or statement of return tor taxation with a proper form of oath thereto, and shall at the time be delivers such forms, receive from such person the state ment of his property for taxation required by this Act, verified by the oath of such person but if he be not ready to make such statement, he shall make up and deliver the same to the said Clerk within twenty days after the leaving of such form of statement, and in case of failure todo so be shall be assessed and returned by said Clerk accordingly If the Clerk of the City Council fails to leave such form of statement at the place of business or residence of any person in said city, such person shall not be excused from the making of such return; but he shall have ten days after the close of the time fur making such return in which to file the same with the said Clerk Returns shall be made on oath to the said Clerk during the month of January in each year, of the amounts of' all sales of merchan- mechanical or other incomes and of the dise, professional quantity and kind of all other property than real estate, sub- ject to taxation under the provisions of this Act, by the persons who may be liable to pay the taxes on the same; and the said taxes shall be paid on or before the first day of March then next ensuing Upon failure thereof. any party in default shall be subject to the penalties now provided by law for failure to pay ° the general State tax Sec. 13. That the said City Council shall have power, and are hereby authorized, to elect one Chief of Police, and as many assistants as may be necessary (in addition to the Sheriff of Anderson County, who shall be ex officio a policeman of said city,) to fix their salaries and prescribe their duties They shall be sworn in and vested witb all of the powers now con- terred by law upon constables, and subjected to all the duties and liabilities that are now, or hereafter may be, conferred upon | constables, in addition to the special duties devolved upon them ¢ by the said City Council Provided, That their jurisdiction shall not extend beyond the limits of the said corporation Seo. 14. The said City Council shall have power to establish yuard-house, and prescribe by ordinances suitable rules and 

regulations for governing the same; and the said City Council may by ordinance, or the Mayor and Aldermen, in person, any one or more of them, authorize and require any policeman of said city to arrest and to commit to said guard-house, for a term of not exceeding twenty-four hours, before trial, any person or persons, who, within the said corporate limits, may be engaged in a breach of the peace, any riotous or disorderly conduct, open obscenity, public drunkenness, or in any conduct grossly in- decent, or dangerous to the citizens of said town or any of them ; and it shall be the duty of the policemen of said city to arrest and commit all.such offenders when required by said or- dinances or any member of the City Council so to do, and they shall have power to call to their assistance the posse comitatus, if need be, in making such arrest; and upon failure of such police- men to perform their duty as required, they shall severally be liable to such fines and penalties as said City Council may es- tablish ; and all persons’ so imprisoned shall pay the costs and expenses incident to such imprisonment: Provided, That the im- prisonment provided for in this Section shall not exempt the party so imprisoned from trial and sentence as herein before provided. Sec. 15. That the said City Council shall have power to col- lect licenses or taxes from all persons representing publicly within their corporate limits, for gain or reward, any plays or shows, of what nature or kind soever, to be used for the pur- poses of said corporation Szc. 16. That all fines which shall hereafter be collected by conviction in the Court of Sessions for retailing without license within the limits of said city shall be paid one-half to the in- former and the other half to the said City Council for the uses of the corporation Sec. 17. The said City Council shall have power and author- ity to abate all nuisances within the corporate limits, and also to appoint a Board of Health for said town and to pass all such ordinances as may be necessary to define the powers and duties ‘of the said Board. Sec. 18. That the said City Council shall have power to bor- D brow money for the public uses of the corporation by issuing from time to time as occasion may require the bonds of said corporation bearing interest at a rate not exceeding seven per centum per annum, to be paid semi-annually, for an amount not to exceed twenty-five thousand dollars, and for the payment of the interest and the ultimate redemption of the principal 

according to the terms of the loan, the said corporation shall be at all times liable: Provided, That the property of the inhabi- tants of said city shall be bound tor the redemption of said loan in no other way than by the imposition of an annual tax accord- ing to the provisions of this Act: And provided, further, That a majority of the owners of real estate situate within the corpo- rate limits of said city shall first vote in favor of issuing the said bonds, and the said City Council shall give at least thirty days’ notice of holding such election. Sec. 19. That the Mayor of said city shall receive as a salary the sum of two hundred dollars per annum. He and the Alder- men shall each be exempt from street duty during the term of their office; and each City Council shall, within thirty days after the expiration of their terms of office, make out and return to their successors a full account of their receipts and expenditures during the term for which they were elected; and they shall likewise publish, at the end of each year after the beginning of their term of office, a full statement of their re- ecipts and expenditures during the preceding year; and at the expiration of the term of office of! any City Council, it shall be their duty to pay over to their successors any moneys in their hands at the time of making such return belonging to said cor- poration, and likewise to deliver up promptly, at the end of their term, all books, property, records, other papers incident to their said offices, to their successors; and, on failure to do so. they shall be liable to the punishment prescribed in the twen- tieth Section of this Act. Sec. 20. That for the wilful violation or neglect of: duty, mal- practice, abuse, or oppression, the said Mayor and Aldermen, jointly and severally, shall be liable to punishment by fine, not exceeding one hundred dollars, besides being liable for damages to any person injured by such default on the part of such Mayor or Aldermen. Sec. 21. This Act shall go into effect immediately upon its passage, and all ordinances heretofore passed by the Town Council of Anderson under existing laws be, and they are here- by declared to be of full force and effect in the said city of An- derson; and until the election for Mayor and Aldermen herein provided for, the Town Council of Anderson be, and they are hereby declared to be, the City Council of Anderson, and the Intendant vested with all the powers and duties of Mayor of the said city, and the said Wardens are vested with all the powers and duties of Aldermen of the said city. 

Sec. 22. The corporate limits of the city of Anderson shall be a separate and distinct township for all purposes whatsoever. Src. 23. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be and they are hereby repealed ; and this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall continue in force tor the term of twenty-five years, and until the end of the session of the Legislature then next ensuing. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ecighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT to DECLARE THE LAW IN REGARD TO THE PARTITION OP REAL ESTATE. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Court of Common Pleas has jurisdiction, in all cases, to make partition hin kind of real estate, held in joint tenancy or in common. either by allotment to one or more of the parties upon their accounting to the other parties in interest for their respective shares; or in case partition in kind or by allotment cannot be fairly and impartially made, by the sale of said real estate, and the division of the proceeds according to the rights of the ‘ parties. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives, Approved February 9th. A. D. 1882. x“ SOOT) 

AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ASSESSMENT AND TAXATION OF PROPERTY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the following Sections shall constitute Chapter XI., Title III., Part I., of the General Statutes, and shall be entitled “Assessment and Taxa- tion of Property ;” which said Sections shall be enumerated in | regular sequence with the preceding Sections of the said Gene- ral Statutes. What is Taxable. Sec. 149. All real and personal property in this State, and personal property of residents of this State which may be kept or used temporarily out of the State, with the intention of bringing the same into the State, or which has been sent out of the State for sale and not yet sold; all moneys, credits, invest- ments in bonds, stocks, joint stock companies, or otherwise, of parties resident in this State, shall be subject to taxation. Who are Tarable. Sec. 150. Every person shall be liable to pay taxes and assessments on the real estate of which he or she may stand seized in fee or for life, by courtesy, in dower, as busband in right of his wife, or may have the care of, as guardian, executor, trustee, or committee. Sec. 151. All executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, receivers, officers, husbands, fathers, mothers, agents, or factors, shall be personally liable for the taxes on all personal property which they are required, respectively, to list for taxation by the provisions of this Chapter, and which was in their posses- sion at the time when the return thereof for taxation shall have been made by themselves or the County Auditors, and may re- tain in their hands a sufficient amount of the property, or pro- ceeds thereof, to pay such taxes for the entire year; and the County Treasurer may collect such taxes by any and all the means provided by this Chapter, either of the principal or bene- ficiary, or of the persons su acting as executor, administrator, guardian, trustee, husband, father, mother, agent, or factor, re- ceiver, or officer. Definition of Terms. Src. 152. The phrase “real property,” as used in this Chap- ter, shall be held to mean and include not only land, city, town, 

and village lots, but all structures and other things therein con- tained or annexed or attached thereto which pass to the vendee The phrase “personal by the conveyance of the land or lot. property,” as used in this Chapter, shall be held to mean and include all things, other than real estate, which have any pecuniary value, and moneys, credits, investments in bonds, The term “mon- stocks, joint stock companies, or otherwise. 7” eys” or “mone A as used in this Chapter, shall be held to mean and include gold, silver, and other coin, bank bills and other bills or notes, authorized to be circulated as money, whether in possession or on deposit subject to the draft of the depositor or person having the beneficial interest therein on demand. The term “credits,” as used in this Chapter, shall be held to mean the remainder due. or to become due, to a party after de- ducting from the amount of all legal debts, claims, and demands in his favor, the amount of all legal debts and demands against him, whether such demands be payable in money, labor, or other valuable things. But, in ascertaining such remainder, no de- duction shall be made of any obligation to any mutual insurance company, given for insurance, nor of any subscription to the capital stock of any joint stock company, nor of any taxes assessed against the party, nor of any subscription to any re- ligious, scientific, literary, or charitable purpose, nor of any acknowledgment of a liability not founded on a legal and valu- able consideration, nor any more of any joint liability with others than the party honestly believes he will be compelled to pay, nor any contingent liability, nor of any acknowledgment of debt or liability made for the purpose of diminishing the amount of credit to be returned for taxation. The phrase “ in- vestment in bonds,” as used in this Chapter, shall be held to mean all investments of money or means in bonds of whatso- ever kind, whether issued by the government of the United States, or of this or any other State or Territory of the United States, or any foreign government, or any County, city, town, or other municipality, or by any corporation or company of this or any other State or country. The phrase “investments in stocks,” as used in this Chapter, shall be held to mean and include all investments of money or means in the evidences of indebtedness, other than bonds or bills designed to circulate as money, issued by any government or municipality, and shares of the capital of any corporation, company, or association, and every interest in any such shares or portion thereof; also, all interests or shares in ships, boats, or other vessels used, or de- 

signed to be used, exclusively or partially, in navigating the waters within or bordering on this State, whether such ship, boat, or vessel be within the jurisdiction of this State or not, and whether such vessel be registered or licensed at any Col- lector’s office in this State or not. The word “oath,” as used in this Chapter, shall be held to mean and include an affirmation The words “person” and “party,” and other duly made. word or words importing the singular number, as used in this Chapter, shall be held to include firms, companies, associations, and corporations; and all words in the plural number shall apply to single individuals, in all cases in whjch the spirit and intent of this Chapter require it. All words in this Chapter importing the masculine gender'shall apply to females also ; and all the words in this Chapter importing the present tense shall apply to the future also. Poll Tax. Src. 153. There shall be assessed on all taxable polls in this State an annual tax of one dollar on each poll, the proceeds of which tax shall be applied solely to educational purposes. Every male between the ages of twenty-one and fifty years, except those incapable of earning a support from being maimed, or from any other cause, shall be deemed taxable polls. Property Exempt from Taxation. Sec. 154. The following property shall be exempt from tax- ation, to wit: 1st. All public schools, and the grounds actually occupied by them, not exceeding in any case three acres. 2d. All houses used exclusively for public worship, the books and furniture therein, and the ground actually occupied by them, not exceeding in any case two acres, and the parsonage and lot on which it is situate, so long as no income is. derived therefrom. 3d. All incorporated public colleges, academies, ‘and institu- tions of learning, with the funds provided for their support, and the grounds and the buildings actually occupied by them and not used with a view to pecuniary profit ; but this provision shall not extend to leasehold estates held by others under the authority of any college or other institution of learning. 4th. All real and personal property, the rents, issues, incomes, and profits of which have.been or shall be given to any city, town, village, school district, or sub-district in this State, ex- 

clusively for the endowment or support of public schools therein, so long as such property, or the rents, issues, incomes, or profits thereof, shall be used or applied exclusively for the support of free education in said schools, by such city, town, village, dis- trict, or sub-district. 5th. All grave-yards or cemeteries, except such as are held with a view to profit or speculation in the sale thereof. 6th. All property owned exclusively by the United States or this State. 7th. All buildings owned by Counties and used exclusively as Court Houses, jails, or public offices, with the grounds on which such buildings are or may be erected, not exceeding ten acres in any County. 8th. All lands, houses, fixtures, and property owned by any County or city, and used exclusively for the support of the poor. 9th. All property belonging to institutions of purely public charity, and used exclusively for the maintenance and support of such institutions. 10th. All fire engines and other implements uscd in the ex- tinguishment of fires, with the buildings and grounds used ex- clusively for the keeping and preservation thereof, when owned by any city, town, or village, or any fire company organized therein. 11th. All public squares or grounds and market-houses owned by any city, village, or town, and used exclusively for public purposes. 12th. All city, town, and village halls owned and used exclu- sively for public purposes by any.city, town, or village. 13th. All water works to supply water for the use of a towa or city, the machinery and fixtures connected therewith, and the grounds occupied thereby, when owned by any city or + town. 14th. All bonds and stock of this State. All municipal bonds in this State, which, by the terms of the Act under which they are or may be issued, are, or may be, exempted from taxation. 15th. All bonds and stocks of the United States which are not authorized by the Jaws of the United States to be taxed under State authority. 16th. All rents accruing from real estate which shall not be- come due within two months after the first day of June of the year in which taxes are to be assessed thereon. 

17th. All of any annuity not payable on or before August first of the year for which taxes are to be assessed thereon 18th. All pensions payable to any person by the United States, or any State of the United States 19th. All shares of the capital stock of any company or cor poration which is required to list its capital and property for taxation in this State 20th. All the wearing apparel of the person required to make return, and his family 21st. Articles actually provided for the present subsistence of the person or his family, to the value of one hundred dollars 22d. Fair grounds of Agricultural and Mechanical Societies, when not used for purposes of profit. 23d. Any person who, since Ist January, 1872, has invested, or may invest, capital in the manufacture of cotton, woollen, ‘ and paper fabrics, iron, from iron ores, and agricultural imple ments, within this State shall, for the period of ten years from the date of his investment, be entitled to receive from the trea- sury of the State a sum cqual to the aggregate amount of State and, from the County Treasurer, the aggregate amount of County taxes, less the two mills for school purposes, and from the Treasurers of all municipal corporations, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of municipal taxes which shall be levied and collected upon the property or capital employed or invested di- rectly in such manufactures or enterprises not including herein the tax levied upon the land upon which the factories may be erected. The sum of money so to be repaid, to be fixed and de- termined by the Comptroller General in accordance with the tax returns, the State tax to be paid by the State Treasurer on his warrant, and the County tax by the County Treasurer un- der the order of the Comptroller General All owners of vessels of one hundred tons measurement or upwards, built and owned within this State, shall be entitled to the benefits of this sub-division upon the same conditions and fora similar period Taxes a First Lien Sec. 155. All taxes, assessments, and penalties legally assessed shall be considered and held as a debt payable to the State by a party against whom the same shall be charged ; and such taxes assessments, and penalties, shall be a first lien in all cases what- soever upon the property taxed; the lien to attach at the be- ginning of the fiscal year during which the tax is levied; and ¢ 

such taxes shall be first paid out of the assets of any estates of deceased persons, or held in trust as assignee or trustee, as aforesaid, or proceeds of any property held on execution or at- tachment; and the County Treasurer may enforce the said lien by execution against the said property; or, if he cannot levy thereon, he may proceed by action at law against the person holding said property. When any real estate shall be sold under any writ, order, or proceedings in any Court, the Court shall, on motion of any person interested in the real estate, or in the purchase or pro- ceeds of the sale thereof, order all taxes, assessments, and pen- alties charged thereon, to be paid out of the proceeds of such sale, as a lien prior to all others Sec. 156. The collection of taxes shall not be stayed or pre- vented by any injunction, writ, or order issued by any Court or Judge thereof. Sec. 157. Fees for the actual collection of taxes only shall be allowed, and no costs or expenses shall be paid by the County or State on any executions issued, or hereafter to be issued, and returned nulla bona Return and Assessment of Property Src. 158. Every person of full age and of sound mind, shall annually list for taxation the following personal property, to wit Ist. All the tangible personal property in the State, owned or controlled by him 2d. All the tangible property owned by him or other resident of South Carolina, and under his control, which may be tempo- rarily out of the State, but is intended so) be brought into the State. 3d. All tangible personal property owned or controlled by him which may have been sent out of the State for sale, and not yet sold; and 4th. All the moneys, credits, investments in bonds, stocks joint stock companies, or otherwise, owned or controlled by him, whether in or out of this State. The property of every ward shall be listed by his guardian; of every minor child, having no other guardian, by the father, if living; if the father be dead by the mother, if living; and if the mioghier be dead or married by the person having it in charge; of the wife by the husband if living and sane, and the parties are residing together; if the husband be dead, or is insane, or is not living with -his wife, b =) 

the wife; of every person for whose benefit property is held in trust, by the trustee; of every deceased person, by the execu- tor or administrator; of those whose property or assets are in the hands of receivers, by such receivers; of every firm, com- pany, body politic or corporate, by the president or principal accounting officer, partner, or agent thereof; of all persons in the hands or custody of any public officer or appointee of a Court by such officer or appointee; of those absent or unknown, by their agent or the person having it in charge; of lessees of real property, by such lessees Sec. 159. All persons required by law to list property for others, shall list it separately from their own, and in the name of the owner thereof; but shall be personally responsible for the taxes thereon for the year in which they list it, and may retain so much thereof, or the proceeds of the sale thereof, in their own hands as will be sufficient to pay such taxes Pro- vided, That all lands shall be listed and assessed as the property of the person or persons having the legal title to, and the right] of possession of, the land at the time of listing and assessment and in case of persons having possession of lands for life, in the name of the life-tenant: Provided, further, That in the case of estates administered, the property shall be listed and assessed as the property of ‘the estate of” the person deceased; that in case of trusts, the property shall be listed and assessed as the property of the trustee, styled as trustee, committee, or guar- dian, as the case may be; and that in cases of bankruptcy, the property shall be listed and assessed as the property of the bankrupt And any one who shall knowingly return land in the name of one not having the legal title to, and right of pos- session of, the land at the time of listing and assessment as pro- vided in this Section, shall be liable in an action of damages in an amount at least equal to the tax assessed at the suit of the one entitled to the possession of said land, and shall likewise be liable to a fine of not exceeding five hundred dollars, or an im- prisonment of not exceeding six months, on indictment in the Court of General Sessions Src. 160. All horses, neat cattle, mules, asses, sheep, hogs, dogs, wagons, carts, and other vehicles used in any business; furni- ture and supplies used in hotels, restaurants, and other houses d of puplic resort; all personal property used in or in connection 4 with storehouses, manufactories, warehouses, or other places of business; all personal property on farms; all merchants’ and manufacturers’ stock and capital, shall be returned for taxation 

and taxed in the city, village, and town in which it is situated; all bankers’ capital and personal assets pertaining to their bank- ing business, in the city, town, and village in which the banking house is located; all shares of stock in incorporated banks loca- ted in this State, in the city, town, and village where the bank is located; all property of deceased persons shall be returned for taxation at the residence of the executor or administrator, if in the County where administration may be legally granted; but if the executor or administrator reside out of such County, at the County seat of such County, until distribution thereof, and pay- ment may be made to the parties entitled thereto; and all other personal property shall be returned for taxation and taxed at the place where the owner thereof shall reside at the time of listing the same, if the owner reside in this State; if not, at the residence of the person having it in charge; and all real estate shall be taxed in the County, city, ward, and town where it is located. Sec. 161. Every person required by law to list property shall annually, between the first day of June and the twentieth day of July, make out and deliver to the Auditor of the County in which the property is, by law, to be returned for taxation, a statement, verified by his oath, of all the real estate which has been sold or transferred since the last listment of property for which he was responsible, and to whom, and of all the personal property possessed by him or under his control on the first day of June of each year, either as owner, agent, parent, husband, guardian, executor, administrator, trustee, receiver, officer, part- ner, factor, or holder, with the value thereof, on said first day of June, at the place of return, estimating according to the rules prescribed by law, which statement shall set forth: 1st. The number of horses, and their value. 2d. The number of neat cattle, and their value. 3d. The number of mules and asses, and their value. 4th. The number of sheep and goats, and their value. 5th. The number hogs, and their value. 6th. The value of gold and silver plate, and number of gold and siver watches, and their value. 7th. The number of piano fortes, melodeons, and cabinet or- gans, and their value. 8th. The number of pleasures carriages, and their value. 9th. The number and value of dogs. 10th. The value of goods, merchandise, moneys, and credits, pertaining to his business as a merchant. 

11th. The value of materials received, used, or provided to be used, in his business as a manufacturer. 12th. The value of all machinery, engines, tools, fixtures, and implements used, or provided to be used, in his business as a manufacturer, and of all manufactured articles on hand one year or more 13th. The value of imigneys, including bank bills and circulat- ing notes. 14th. The value of all credits. 15th. The value of investments in the stocks of any company or corporation out of this State, except National Banks 16th. The value of all investments in bonds, except bonds of the United States and this State expressly exempted from taxa- tion 17th. The value of all other property Merchants Src. 162. Any person who shall, at any place in this State, be engaged in the business of buying and selling personal property or in selling personal property consigned to him from any place out of the State, or property not the product of this State, con- signed to him from any place within this State, shall be held to be a merchant, and, at the same time he is required to list his other personal property, shall deliver to the Auditor of the County in which his place of business is situated a statement under his oath, of the average monthly value of the personal property, moneys, and credits pertaining to his mercantile busi- ness; to ascertain which he shall set down the value on hand on the first day of June of the preceding year, or other time of commencing business during the year, add thereto all purchases when made, at cost, ascertain the average value on hand for the month, deduct the average amount of sales for the month, at cost, and the remainder shall be the average on hand for that month; and, in like manner, ascertain the average value for each month, down to the first day of June of the year in which the return is to be made, add together such monthly values divide the aggregate by the number of months he has been in business during the preceding year, as aforesaid, and to the quotient add the moneys and credits on hand the first day of June of the year in which the return is made, and the product of this last addition shall be the sum upon which he shall pay taxes for the year in which the return is made Provided, That when business is opened after the first day of June of the preceding 

year and closed before the first day of June of the year in which the return is made, the parties opening and closing such _ busi- ness shall make returns on merchandise—the time of opening and closing such business being the times used as the basis of the return as established in this Section. Manufacturers. Src. 163. Every person engaged in making, fabricating. or changing things into new forms for use, or in refining, rectifying. or combining different materials for use, shall be held to be a man- ufacturer, and shall, at the same time he is required to list his other property, make and deliver to the Auditor of the County in which his place of business is situated a statement of the average value, estimated as provided in the preceding Section, of all articles purchased, received, or otherwise held for the purpose of being used by him in his business, at any time during the year preceding the first day of June of the year in which the return is made; and he shall also list at their full value, all machinery, tools, implements, fixtures, and engines, used or pur- chased for use in his business (except such as have been appraised for taxation as part of the realty), together with all manufac- tured articles which bave been on hand and remain unsold tor one year or more prior to the first day of June of the year in which the return is made; also, all the moneys and credits per- taining to said business, on hand on said first day of June: Pro- vided, That all materials provided for use in said business shall be estimated as‘on hand until sold, or remain on hand in a manu- factured state for one year. Railroad, Telegraph, Canal Companies, and others of like character. Src. 164. The rqad bed, right of way, station buildings, toll houses, structures, tools, machinery, poles, wires, fixtures. vessels, and real estate, owned and necessarily in daily use by any railroad, turn-pike, plank road, bridge, telegraph, canal or slack water navigation company, in the prosecution of its busi- ness, shall, for the purposes of this Chapter, if the company he But organized in this State, be treated as personal property. the lien, for taxes, shall attach to the property as if the same were real property, and the President, Secretary, or princi- pal accounting officer thereof, shall include the value thereof in the return of the other personal assests of such company for taxation; which return shall be made in the month of June. or 

before the twentieth of July, annually to the several Auditors of the Counties in which such road, canal, bridge, telegraph line or slack water navigation company may be situated, according to the value of such property in each, together with a statement of the amount of such assets situate in each city, town, village or ward in said Counties, respectively; and the value of the movable assets of such company shall be apportioned to each town, city, ward, or village, in proportion to the value of the road bed, canal, slack water navigation, bridge, or telegraph line in each Railroads Src. 165. The President und Secretary of every railroad com- pany whose track or road bed, or any part thereof, is in this State, shall annually, between the first of June and twentieth of ti July, return to the Comptroller General, under their oaths, the] total length thereof in each County, city, town, and incorporated village in this State ;-the total length of their double track in this State, and the length thereof in each County, town, city, and incorporated village of this State; the total length of all their side tracks, and the length thereof i in each city, County, town, and incorporated village in this State; the location and value of all their shops, depots, grounds, station houses, wood and water stations, buildings, stationary engines, tools, imple- ments, and fixtures in South Carolina, and all other real estate necessary to the daily running operations of the road; the num- ber and value, each, of all their locomotive engines, passenger, freight, platform, gravel, construction, hand, and other cars; the value of their moneys and credits; the totab value of the entire road, appurtenances, and equipments, and the total value of said road in South Carolina, with its appurtenances and equipments Sec. 166. The President and Secretary of eyery railroad com- pany mentioned in the preceding Section shall also, annually, between the first of June and the twentieth of July, return to the County Auditor of each County in South Carolina through or into which such road, or any part thereof, may be located, a statement of the value of said road, and the property of the company in said County, and in each of the towns, cities, and villages of said County, through or into which said road, or part thereof, is located, in the manner and form required by this Chapter in the return to the Comptroller General. Sec. 167. In ascertaining the value of the road and property of any railroad company, the value of the right of way, bed 

and track of the whole road shall be fixed, and such value ap- portioned pro rata to each mile of the main track; and to the value of the number of miles of main track in each town, city, and incorporated village of each County in this State through and into which said road is located shall be added the value of the real estate, fixtures, stationary engines, tools, implements, machinery, and other stationary property provided for use in the daily operations of the road, situate in said town, city, or village; and the total value of the rolling stock, moneys, and credits shall be apportioned pro rata to each mile of the main track of said road, and the amount thereof, according to the number of miles of main-track in each town, city, and village in this State, added to the value of the main track in such town, city, and village, respectively; and the aggregate value of said road and property in this State, and in each County, city, town, and incorporated village of this State, through or into which said road is located, shall be stated in said return. Sec. 168. The return and oath required of officers of railroad companies shall be made in such form as shall be prescribed by the Comptroller General. Src. 169. If any railroad, its appurtenances, equipments, and property of any kind soever, shall be in the hands of a receiver or other officer, such receiver or other officer shall make the returns required by this Chapter. Sec. 170. The Comptroller General, or any person appointed by him for that purpose, may put any question, in writing, he may deem proper, to any officer, agent, or receiver of any rail- road company having any portion of its track in this State; and he may summon any officer, receiver, or agent of such com- pany to appear before him and testify, under oath, (which oath said Comptroller General is authorized to administer, ) touching such railroad company’s property, and the management and dis- position thereof; and he may, by himself, or some person ap- pointed by him, examine the books and papers of such company, in the hands of the company, or any of its officers, agents, or receivers; and all such officers, agents, and receivers shall answer, under dath, all such questions as shall be put to them, or either of them, by said Comptroller General, or any person appointed by him for that purpose, relative to the condition, amount, and value of said company’s property and the manage- ment or disposition thereof; and if any such officer, receiver, or agent shall refuse or neglect to appear before said Comptroller General, or the person appointed by him, or to answer any 

question put to him or them as aforesaid, or submit the books and papers aforesaid for examination, in manner aforesaid, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon indictment and conviction therefor, in the Court of General Sessions for any County, (which Court shall have complete and full juris- diction in all such cases,) shall be fined in any sum not exceed- ing five thousand dollars, and costs of prosecution, and confined in the jail of said County, until he answers all questions which may be put to him by the Comptroller General, and until said fine and costs be paid. Sec. 171. The Treasurer of the State, Secretary of State Comptroller General, and Attorney General of the State, shall constitute a State Board of Equalization (a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business), who shall meet at the office of the Comptroller General, at the cap- ital, on the second Wednesday of September annually, or as soon thereafter as the Comptroller General shall notity said Board that the returns of the several railroad companies have been filed in his office, and equalize the value of the property of railroad companies whose roads are wholly or partially in this State, as returned to the Comptroller General, under the provisions uf this Chapter, by increasing the value of the roads and property of such companies as shall have been, in their judgment, returned at too low a valuation, and diminishing the values of such as may hav been returned at too high a valua- tion They shall keep a record of their proceedings, which shall be signed by all the members present, and deposited with and kept by, the Comptroller General and a majority of the members present shall be competent to decide all questions which may come before said Board Src. 172. The Comptroller General shall certify to the County Auditor of each County in which any railroad, or part thereof, may be located, the valuations of railroad*property in said County, as returned to him, with all additions made to or de- ductions from the valuation of the property of any railroad company in said County by the State Board of Equalization and the County Auditor shall charge the railroad company in the several cities, towns, and incorporated villages of their County, for taxation, with the valuations returned by such com- pany or companies, after adding thereto or deducting therefrom the amounts directed by the Comptroller General Sec. 173. If any railroad company, or its officers, shall fail to make the returns to the Comptroller General, and to each 29 A&JR 

County Auditor in each County in which any railroad or part , thereof may be located as herein required, on or before the 20th D- ° day of July, annually, the State Board of Equalization shall i proceed to ascertain the value of.said company’s road and prop- erty, according to the principles prescribed herein, from the best p information they can conveniently obtain, and add thereto fifty per centum as penalty, and apportion the same to the several Counties, towns, cities, and incorporated villages through or into which said road or any part thereof may be located ; and the Comptroller General shall certify the same to the several County Auditors, who shall place the same on their duplicates for tax- ation Express and Telegraph Companies Src. 174. Any person or persons, company or corporation, f engaged in the business of conveying to, from, or through this p State, or any part thereof, moneys and other personal property, “shall be held to be an express company ; and any person or per- sons, company or corporation, engaged in the business of trans- mitting messages to, from, or through this State, or any part thereof, shall be held to be a telegraph company ; and any such company, having its principal office out of this State, shall an- nually, in the month of June, or before the twentieth of July by its principal agent in this State, make out and deliver to the Comptroller Gen¢ral a statement, under oath, showing the value of all its personal property in this State, including poles, wires batteries, machinery, materials, and apparatus, and the Counties cities, towns, and incorporated villages, in which the same may be situate, together with the gross earnings of said company in this State, for business done in this State for the year ending the first day of that month, and the company’s proportion of receipts for business done in connection with the lines of other companies out of this State; and which statement shall show the value of said property and receipts in each County, town, city, and incorporated village, in which such company has an agency or agencies, and from which aggregate shall be deducted, by any such telegraph company, the expenses of the office in this State, to which all other agencies of the company in this State are required to make returns, except rents and officers’ sala- ries ; and which statement shall also show the aggregate value of the property and receipts aforesaid, after making the deduc- tion aforesaid in each County, city, town, and incorporated vil- lage in which such company may have an agency or agencies ; 

and said company, by its principal agent, shall, also, between the first of June and twentieth of July, annually, deliver to the Auditor of each County in this State, in whose County such! company may have an agency or agencies, a statement of the proportion of the net value of the property and receipts afore- said, showing the amount thereof in each town, city, and in- corporated village, in which it has any agency or agencies ; and anid company shall be charged on the duplicate of each of said Counties with taxes on the amount so returned in each town, city, and village, aforesaid: Provided, That ordinary transporta- tion companies, engaged exclusively in the transportation of merchandise over the railroads and canals of this State, in con- nection witb other roads, canals, or lines of navigation, shall not be considered express companies within the meaning of this Chapter. Sec. 175. If any express or telegraph company shall fail to make and deliver to the Comptroller General the statement re- quired in this Chapter, on or before the twentieth day of July, annually, such company shall forfeit ‘and pay to the State of South Carolina five hundred dollars. as a penalty, and the Comptroller General shall certify the fact of such failure to the Auditor of any County in this State in which said company may have an office or an agent, and said Auditor shall place the same on the duplicate of said County; and if any express or telegraph company shall fail to make to the Auditor of any County in this State the statement required by this Chapter. on or before the twentieth day of July of any year, such County Auditor shall notify the Comptroller General thereof; and if the Comptroller General shall have received from said company the statement required to be made to him by said company, he shall certify the amount returned as in said County to such County Auditor, and add thereto, as penalty, the sum of ten dollars, which shall be charged to said company on the duplicate of said County, collected and paid over to the State Treasurer in the same manner herein provided as to the penalty for not making the return to the Comptroller General: Provided, That if any express or telegraph company shall fail to return the statement required by this Chapter to the Comptroller General, and the Comptroller General shall certify such failure to any County Auditor, such County Auditor shall proceed to ascertain the gross receipts of each agent of said company in his County, for the year ending the first day of June of that year. together with the value of all other property of the company in his 

County, add fifty per cent. thereto as penalty,and charge the company with taxes thereon, at the several localities required by this Chapter, without any deduction for expenses paid out by the company. And if any such company shall have no principal office or agency in this State to which the other agents in the State are required to make return, each agent thercof in any County shall make return in the month of June, or before the twentieth of July, annually, of the ross receipts of his agency, for the year ending the first day of that month, with the value of all other property of the company in the city, village, or town, in which his agency is situate, and the County Auditor shall charge the company with taxes thereon, at the same rates as other property in the same ldcalities; and if such agent or agents refuse or neglect to make such return, the County Audi- tor shall ascertain the amount of such gross receipts and value of property, add fifty per cent. thereto as penalty, and charge such company with taxes thereon, at the same rates charged other property at the several localities where such property may be situate and such agencies located. Sec. 176. All returns required to be made by express and tele- graph companies, having their principal offices out of this State, shall be made in such form as the Comptroller General shall prescribe; and the Comptroller General is authorized to require answers, undcr oath, to any questions he may put to the prin- cipal, or any other agent, of any of said companies in this State, and to examine any of such agents, under oath, relative to the property and affairs of such companies, and the management thereof, which oath he may administer; and, if any such agent shall refuse to submit to such examination, or refuse or neglect - ‘to answer any such questions, he shall be deemed guilty of con- tempt of the Comptroller General, and the Comptroller General may certify the fact to the Court of General Sessions of any County in this State, which shall issue a warrant for the arrest of such agent, in the name of the State of South Carolina, di- rected to the Sheriff of such County, who shall arrest such agent anywhere in this State, and take him before said Court of General Sessions, and, upon hearing and conviction, such agent shall be fined by said Court in any sum not exceeding five hundred dollars and costs, and be confined in the jail of the County where tried until such fine shall be paid, and answers be given to all such questions as the Comptroller General may propound to him. 

Src. 177. Each agent in this State of any insurance company organized under the laws of ‘any other State or country, and doing business in this State, shall, annually, in the month of June, or before twentieth of July, return to the Auditor of the County in which such agency is located a sworn statement of the gross receipts of such agency for the year ending on the first day of that month, including all notes, accounts, and other things received or agreed upon as a compensation for insurance at such agency, together with all the value of any personal property of said company situate at such agency; and the com- pany shall be charged with taxes at the place of said agency on the amount so returned; and the agent shall also be personally responsible for such taxes, and may retain in his hands a suffi- cient amount of the company’s assets to pay the same, unless the same shall be paid by the company. Sec. 178. Every insurance company organized under the laws of this State shall return all its personal property, moneys credits, (including notes taken on subscription of stock,) invest- ments in bonds, stocks, securities, and assets of every kind, for taxation at the place where its principal office is located Other Corporations Sec. 179. Any company or corporation organized under the daws of this State, and owning property in any other State or country, as well as in this State, shall not be required to return its capital for taxation in this State, but shall return such pro- perty as it owns in this State, and such proportion of the value of its other property as if owned by the individual residents of this State, would be taxable in this State; and if such return be made by such company, the shareholders therein shall not be required to return their shares for taxation Sec. 180. A corporation organized under the laws of this State, but owning no property in this State, shall not be re- quired to return its capital for taxation in this State Sec. 181. All companies and corporations, whether organized under the laws of this State or not, the manner of listing whose personal property is not otherwise specifically provided for by law, shall list for taxation all their personal and real property and effects at the same time, in the same manner, and in the same localities, as individuals are required to list similar pro- perty and effects for taxation 

Sec. 182. Any company incorporated under’a joint charter granted by this and some other State or States, and the manner Fof taxing which, or the amount upon which it shall be taxed, or the specific proportion of its capital or property upon which taxes shall be assessed in South Carolina, is prescribed or fixed in its charter, shall be assessed for taxation and taxed as pre- scribed in this Chapter until otherwise legally provided. Bank Stocks. Sec. 183. All shares of the stockholders in any bank or banking association, located in this State. whether now or here- after incorporated or organized under the laws of this State or of the United States, shall be listed at their true value in money, and taxed in the city, ward, town, or incorporated village where such bank is located, and not elsewhere: Provided, That P the words “true value in money,” as used in line three of this Section, shall be so construed as to mean and include all surplus or extra moneys, capital, and every species of personal property of value owned or in the possession of any such bank. y Sec. 184. The real estate of any such bank or banking asso- ‘ciation shall be taxed in the place where the same may be located, the same as the real estate of individuals. Sec. 185. There shall at all times be kept in the office where -the business of such bank or banking association is transacted. ta full and correct list of the names and residences of the stock- . ' holders therein, and the number of shares held by each ? also, 8 list of all persons, parties, corporations, or agents, who may at “any time have any deposit, either personal or general, in such bank, which shall be at all times, during business hours, open to the inspection of all State and County officers who are or may be authorized to list or assess the value of such shares for tux- ation. Sec. 186. It shall be the duty of the President and Cashier of every such bank or banking association, between ‘the first of *June and twentieth of July, annually, to make out and return, under oath, to the Auditor of the County in which such bank or banking association may be located, a full statement of the names and residences of the stockholders therein, with the number of shares held by each, and the actual value, in money. of such shares, together with a description of the real estate owned by said bank. Sec. 187. The Auditor of the County in which any such bank or banking association may be located, upon receiving the 

eturn provided for in the preceding Section, shall deduct from he actual total value of the shares in any such bank or bank- ng association the appraised value of the real estate owned by « uch bank or banking association, as the same stands assessed n the duplicate. and the remainder of the total value of such hares shall be entered on the duplicate of the County, in the iaumes of the owners thereof, in amounts proportioned to the 1umber of shares owned by each, as returned on said sworn statement, and be charged with taxes at the same rate as charged upon the value of other personal property, at the place where such bank or banking association is located. Sec. 188. Any taxes assessed on any such shares of stock, or the value thereof, in manner aforesaid, shall be and remain a lien on such shares from the first day of June in each year, d until such taxes are paid; and, in case of the non-payment of such taxes at the time required by law, by any shareholder, and after notice received of the County Treasurer of the non- payment of such taxes, it shall be unlawful for the Cashier or other officers of such bank or banking association to transfer, ; or permit to be transferred. the whole or any portion of said stock, until the delinquent taxes thereon, together with the costs and penalties, shall have been paid in full; and no divi- dend shall be paid on any stock so delinquent so long as such tuxes, penalties, and costs, or any part thereof, remain due or unpaid. Src. 189. It shall be lawful for any such bank or banking association to pay to the Treasurer of the County in which such bank or banking association may be located the taxes that may be assessed upon its shares, as aforesaid, in the hands of'¢ its shareholders, respectively, and deduct the same from any dividends that may be due, or may thereafter become due, on any such shares as aforesaid. Sec. 190. If any bank or banking association shall fail to make out and furnish to the County Auditor the statement re- quired by Section 183 within the time required herein, it shall be the duty of said Auditor to examine the books of said bank or banking association, also to examine any officer or agent thereof, under oath, together with such other persons as he may deem proper, and make out the statement required by said Section, and enter the value of suid shares on the duplicate for taxation. Any bank officer failing to make out and furnish to the County Auditor the statement, or wilfully making a false statement, as herein required, shall be liable to a fine not ex- 

ceeding one thousand dollars, together with all costs and other expenses incurred by the Auditor, or other proper officer, in obtaining such statement aforesaid. Unincorporated Banks and Bankers. Sec. 191. All unincorporated banks and bankers, shall, an- nually, between the first of June and twentieth of July, pmake out and return to the Auditor ofthe proper County, un- .der oath of the owner or principal officer or manager thereof, a statement, setting forth: Ist. The average amount of notes and bills receivable, dis- counted, or purchased in the course of business by such unin- corporated bank, banker, or bankers, and considered good and collectible. 2d. The average amount of accounts receivable. 3d. The average amount of cash items in possession or in transit. 4th. The average amount of all kinds of stocks, bonds, or evidences. of indebtedness held as investment, or in any way representing assets. 5th. The average amount of real estate at its assessed value for taxation. : 6th. The average amount of all deposits made with them by other parties. 7th. The average amount of accounts payable, exclusive of current deposit accounts. 8th. The average amount of government and other securi- ties, specifying the kinds that are exempt from taxation. 9th. The amount of capital paid in, or employed in such banking business, together with the number of shares or pro- portional interest each shareholder or partner has in such as- sociation or partnership. From the aggregate sum of the first five items above enu- merated, the said Auditor shall deduct the aggregate sum of the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth items, and the remainder thus obtained shall be entered on the duplicate of the County in the name of such bank, banker, or bankers, and taxes thereon shall be assessed and paid, the same as is provided for other property as assessed and taxed in the same city, ward, town, or incorporated village. ‘Sec. 192. The average provided for in the preceding Section shall be obtained by adding together the amounts of each item above specified, owned by or standing on the books of such 

bank, banker, or bankers, on the first day of each month of the year ending the last day of May in the year in which the re- turn is made, and dividing the same by the number of months in the year: Provided, That in cases where such bank, banker, or bankers commenced business during the preceding year, the division shall be made by the number of months clapsed after the commencement of such business: Provided, That all frac- tions of a month shall be counted as a month. Sec. 193. Every company, association, or person not incor- porated under any law of this State, or of the United States, for banking purposes, who shall keep an office or other place of business, and engage in the business of lending money, receiv- ing money on deposit, buying and selling bullion, bills of ex- change, notes, bonds, stocks, or other evidences of indebted- ness, with a view to profit, shall be deemed a bank, banker, or bankers, within the meaning of the provisions of this Chapter: Sec. 194. The County Auditor shall have the same powers to enforce correct returns from bank officers and bankers, to ex- amine witnesses, and enforce their attendence, and have the same aid of the Court of General Sessions of the County, as is provided by law in cases where individuals fail to list their property for taxation, or are suspected of having made fulse re- turns; and in all cases of failure to make returns under this Chapter, or in case of false return by any unincorporated bank, banker, or bankers, the Auditor shall ascertain the true amount, as near as may be, add fifty per cent. penalty thereto, and charge the party or parties with the taxes on the amount so ascertained by him, with the penalty aforesaid ; but in cases of unintentional mistake in making the return, the true amount only shall be charged against the parties, without penalty. Pawnbrokers. Sec. 195. Every pawnbroker, person, or company, engaged in the business of receiving property on pledge, or as security for, money or other thing advanced to the pawner or pledger, shall, annually, in the month of June, or before the twentieth of July, return, under oath, to the Auditor of the County in which his place of business is located, the average monthly value of all property pawned or pledged to him during the year ending June first of the year in which the return shall be made, or, if en- gaged in the business for less than a year prior to said first day of June, then for such shorter period; and such average shall be ascertained by the rule prescribed in this Chapter for ascer- 

taining the average value of the property of merchants, and taxes charged on such average value as upon other property at the same place. Mines and Mining Claims. Sec. 196. All personal property used in connection with mines and mining claims, and all land not actually mined connected with mines and mining claims, shall be assessed for taxation and taxed as is done in the case of all other personal and_ real estate. That in all cases where land is actually mined, such land shall not be assessed for taxation or taxed, but in leu thereof the gross proceeds alone of such mines and mining claims shall be assessed and taxed. Penalties for Refusing to make the Return. Src. 197. Any person claiming not to have any property shall. upon the demand of the Auditor, make oath to the fact that he -has no property ; and if he refuse to make such oath, he shall -be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon complaint of such Auditor to the Court of General Sessions of the County, and upon conviction thereof, shall be arrested and confined in the jail of the County until he answers such questions, under oath, as may be propounded to him by such Auditor, and pay the costs of the proceeding. 0 Src. 198. The Comptroller General shall prescribe the forms of all returns of taxation, and of the oaths that shall be made thereto, and transmit the same to the several County Auditors: and any return made in any way varying therefrom shall not be regarded as a return. Sec. 199. If any person shall refuse or neglect to make out *and deliver to the Auditor il a statement of personal property. as provided herein, or shall refuse or neglect to make and subscribe an oath as to the truth of such statement, or any part thereof. or in case of the sickness or absence of such person, the Audi- tor shall proceed to ascertain, as near as may be, and make up and return a statement of the personal property, and the value thereof, with which such person shall be charged for taxation. according to the provisions of this Chapter; and to enable such Auditor to make up such statement, he is authorized to examine any person or persons, under oath, and to ascertain, from general reputation and his own knowledge of facts, the character and value of the personal property of the person thus absent or 

sick, or refusing or neglecting to list orswear; and said Auditor shall return the lists so made up by him, endorsed “Refused to List or “Refused to Swear,” or “Absent,” or “Sick as the case may be, and in his return, in tabular form, shall write the same words opposite the names of each of the persons so refusing or neglecting to list or swear, or absent, or sick Sec. 200. If any person shall fail to list the personal property he is required by law to list in any one year, and the same escapes taxation for that year, the value thercof shall be charged } against him for taxation in any subsequent year, with fifty per cent. penalty added thereto, and the taxes and penalty collected as in other cases Sec. 201. Any person, company, or corporation, commencing any business in any County of this State after the first day off June in any year, the capital or personal property employed in said which shall not bave been previously listed for taxation in County for such year, shall, within thirty days after commencing such business, report to the Auditor of the County, under oath, the average amount of the capital intended to be employed in such business, from the time of its commencement to the first day of June next ensuing ; a) and upon making satisfactory proof to said Auditor that such capital or property has been regularly listed for taxation in some other County in this State, said Auditor shall file report and proofs in his office, and give to the party a certificate that he or they have complied with the pro- visions of this Section, and are not liable to taxation in his County on such capital or property for the then current fiscal year. But if he or they shall not satisfactorily prove that such capital or property has been previously listed for taxation in some County of this State, said County Auditor shall charge him or them on his duplicate with such proportion of all taxes levied on others upon similar capital or property, at the plac of the business, as the time from the commencment of’ the busi- exs to the ensuing first day of June bears to one year Sec. 202. It shall be the duty of each County Auditor to ascer- tain the names of' all persons commencing any business in his ¢ County after the first day of June, annually, whose capital or? property employed in sach business was not listed for taxation: in his County for the then current fiscal year Sec. 203. If any person, company, or corporation, shall com- mence any business in any County of this State, after the first day of June in any year, the capital or property employed in which shall not have been previously listed for taxation in said 

County, and shall not, within thirty days thereafter, make such report to the Auditor of said County as is required in the 203d Section of this Chapter, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred dollars, which shall be collected, by civil action, in the name of the County Commissioners, and paid into the County treasury for the benefit of the County. And process in such case may issue out of the Court of Common Pleas of the County in which such business was commenced, directed to the proper officer, and be served in any County of this State. Mode of Ascertaining Valuation. Src. 204. All property shall be valued for taxation at its true value in money, which, in all cases not otherwise specially pro- vided for by law, shall be held to be as follows, to wit: For per- sonal property, the usual selling price on the usual terms of similar property at administrators’ or executors’ sales, at the place where the return is nvade; and for real property, the usual selling price on the usual terms of similar property at sales for partition under the order of the Court, at the place where the return is to be made. If there is no usual selling price, then at what is honestly believed could be obtained for the same at a fair sale under the conditions before mentioned. ‘Tt shall be the duty of each owner of Jands, and of any new structures thereon which shall not have been appraised for taxation, to list the same for taxation with the County Auditor of the County in which they may be situate, on or before the twentieth day of July next after the same shall become subject to taxation. Personal Property. Sxc. 205. The following articles of personal property shall be valued for taxation as follows, to wit: Money, bank bills, and other bills lawfully circulating as money, at the par value thereof: credits, at the amount payable on the face of the contract, in- strument, or account, unless the principal be payable at a future time without interest; then, at the sum payable, less the lawful interest thereon, for any term of credit not exceeding One year: contracts for the delivery of specific articles, at the usual selling price of such articles at the time of listing; leasehold estates held for any definite term, at the yearly value thereof to the lessee ; annuities, at the yearly value thereof to the owner at the time of listing. All leasehold estates, held on perpetual lease, or for a term certain, renewable forever at the option of 

the lessee, shall be valued at the full price of the land, and con- tinued to be taxed at such value to the end of the term. When the fee of the soil in any tract or lot of land is in one person, and right to any minerals therein or structures thereon in another, the proceeds of the minerals and the said structures shall be valued and taxed as personal property, to the owners ‘thereof respectively. County Auditor and County Treasurer. Sec. 206.'The Governor is authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint County Auditors and County Treasurers, who shall hold their office for a term of two years, and until their successor is appointed and qualified, and to require such bonds from said officers as he may deem neces- sary: Provided, That the bond of the County Treasurer of Charleston County shall not be less than fifty thousand (50,000) dollars; the County Treasurers of Richland, Abbeville, Beaufort, and Edgefield, each thirty thousand (30,000) dollars; and the bonds of the County Treasurers of each of the other Counties shall not be less than twenty thousand (20,000) dollars each. Src. 207. When any County Auditor or Treasurer shall, dur- ing a recess of the Senate, be shown, by evidence satisfactory to the Governor, to be guilty of misconduct in office, or crime, or for any reason shall become incapable or legally disqualified to perform its duties, in such case, and in no other, the Governor may suspend such officer, and designate some suitable person to perform, temporarily, the duties of such office until the next meeting of the Senate, and until the case shall be acted upon by the Senate; and such person so designated shall take the oath and give the bond required by law to be taken and given by the. person duly appointed to fill such office, and, in such case, it shall be the duty of the Governor, within ten days after the first day of such meeting of the Senate, to report to the Senate such suspension, with the evidence and reasons for his action, and the name of the person so designated to perform the duties of such office; and if the Senate shall concur in such suspension, and advise and consent to the removal of such officer, they shall so certify to the Governor, who may thereupon remove such officer, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint another person to such office. But if the Senate shall refuse to concur in such suspension, such officer, so suspended, shall forthwith resume the functions of his office, and the powers of the person so performing its duties in his stead shall cease, 

and the official salary and emoluments of such officer shall, dur ing such suspension, belong to .the person so performing the duties thereof, and not to the officer so suspended: Provided however That the Governor in case he shall become satisfied that such suspension wa3 made on insufficient grounds, shall be authorized, at any time before reporting such suspension to the Senate as above provided, to revoke such suspension and rein state such officer in the performance of the duties of his office Sec. 208. If any person shall contrary to the provisions of this Chapter, accept the office of County Auditor, or Treasurer or shall hold or exercise, or attempt to hold or exercise, any such office, or fail, when application is made to him by his suc- cessor, to turn over all the books, papers and property, of all kinds whatsoever, pertaining to said office; or, if any County Treasurer, County Auditor, County Commissioner, or member of a County Board of Equalization, shall neglect, refuse, or evade the performance of the duties imposed upon him by this Chapter, or if any County Auditor shall neglect or refuse to comply with the requirements of law in the making up of his duplicate, or shall fail to file with the Comptroller General the abstracts, vouchers, and settlement sheets, within the time re- quired by law, or if any County Treasurer, after being notified of his removal or suspension from office, shall fail:to settle with the County Auditor and Comptroller General, and pay over all State and County moneys in his hands to the officers entitled by law to receive the same within ten days after being so notified he shall be deemed, and he is hereby declared to be, guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon trial and conviction thereof, he shall be punished therefor by a fine not exceeding five thousand dollars or by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or both said punish ments, in the discretion of the Court Sec. 209. The Comptroller General of the State shall, as often as once a year, either in person or by some authorized agent of his office, examine all the, books, papers, and accounts pertain- ing to the office of the Auditors and the Treasurers of the re- spective Counties of this State, with a view of protecting the interests of the State, and rendering the said officers such aid or instruction as, in the discharge of their several duties, they may need to make their service the more efficient. County Auditors Sec. 210. It shall be the duty of the County Auditor to re ceive the returns and make the assessments provided for in this 

Chapter.within the times prescribed by law, and for this pur- pose the offices of the County Auditors shall be kept open to receive the returns of tax-payers from June first to July twen- tieth in each year. Sec. 211. The County Auditors of each County are required, | for the purpose of assessing taxes, to attend at a convenient point | in each township or tax district as many days as may be neces-' sary; and for the balance of the time allowed by law they shalls be and remain at their respective County seats. The said Auditors or their assistants shall give thirty days’ public notice of the days upon which they will be at the places | designated. Sec. 212. Each Auditor shall, on or before the first day of August, annually, make out, in tabular form and alphabetical q order, a list of the names of the several persons, companies, and corporations in whose names any personal or real property shall have been listed, giving the first Christian name of the several persons; and he shall enter separately, in appropriate columns, opposite each name, the aggregate value of the several species of property mentioned herein, making separate lists of the pro- perty listed as taxable in incorporated villages, cities, and wards, and that listed as taxable out of cities, wards, and incorporated villages, all of which columns shall be accurately added up and footed ; and at the same time, file and preserve in his office state- ments of property listed by him, or received by him from others. Src. 213. Hach Auditor shall, annually, at the time of taking the list of personal property, also take a list of all real property in the County, subject to taxation, which shall not have been previously listed; and of all new structures not previously listed ; and of all old structures which were destroyed during the pre- vious year, and affix a value thereto, with a description of the land or lot on which the same was or is situate, endorse his affidavit thereon that the same is correct, that the valuations therein stated have been made according to the rules prescribed by this Chapter, and return the same with the names of the owners, respectively ; and if the owner of any such new struc- ture shall be the owner of the land on ‘which it is situate, or of a permanent leasehold estate therein, the County Auditor shall add to, or deduct from, the value of the land or lease, as the case may be, as the same may stand on the duplicate, the value of such structure so returned: Provided, That the Auditor shall not deduct any greater amount for the destruction of any struc- ture than was previously charged for the same on the duplicate. 

Sec. 214. It shall be the duty of each Auditor to state, in the colunin of remarks, opposite each tax-payer’s name, in the re- turn made by him, any amount which he believes ought to be dded to the valuation of the property liste l by such tax-payer, But such Auditor shall not increase his agent, or other person. che return as made by any tax-payer, his or her agent, except It shall also be his by authority of the Board of Assessors. duty, at any time after his return, if he ascertain that any per- sonal property in his County has not been listed, to list the same, land make return thereof, with the valuation thereof as fixed by the owner or himself, and the name of the owner or person to whom it is taxable; and the Auditor shall charge the same on the duplicate for taxation, adding fifty per cent. to the value, as returned, as penalty. Sec. 215. It shall be the duty of each County Auditor to make out, from the maps and descriptions in his possession, and from such other sources of information as shall be in his power, a correct and pertinent description of each.tract and lot of real property in his County; and when he shall deem it necessary to obtain an accurate description of any separate tract or lot in his district, he may require the owner or occupier thereof to furnish the same with any title papers he may have in his pos- session; and if such owner or occupier, upon demand made for the same, shall neglect or refuse to furnish a satisfactory descrip- tion of such parcel of real property to such Auditor, he may employ a competent surveyor to make out a description of the boundaries and location thereof, and a statement of the quantity of land therein; and to the expense of such survey the Auditor ot the County shall add the tax assessed upon such real prop- erty, and it shall be collected by the Treasurer of the County with such tax, and, when collected, shall be paid, on demand, to the person to whom the same is due. Src. 216. For the purpose of enabling the Auditor to deter- mine the value of buildings and other improvements, he is hereby authorized to enter and fully to examine all buildings and structures, of whatever kind, except dwellings, which are not by law expressly exempted from taxation. Sec. 217. The Auditor, at the time of making the assessments of other real estate for taxation, shall enter in a separate list pertinent descriptions of the real. estate exempt from taxation by law, with the valuation thereof made by himself, determined by the rules prescribed by law, and designating the owner of each several parcel: Provided, If the name of the owner of any 

” shall be tract or lot shall be unknown, the word “unknow entered in the column of names opposite said tract or lot. Src. 218. Each County Auditor shall, on or before the 30th day of September in each year, make out and transmit to the Comptroller General and the County Commissioners an abstract { of the real property of each district in his County, in which he shall set forth 1. The number of acres, exclusive of town lots, returned by said Auditor, with such additions as shall have been made thereto. 2. The aggregate value of such real property, other than town lots, as returned by said Auditor, inclusive of such ad- ditions as shall have been made thereto under the provisions of this Chapter. 3. The aggregate value of the real property in each town, city, and village in his County, as returned by said Auditor, in- clusive of such additions as shall have been made thereto 4. The various kinds and descriptions of personal property returned for taxation Sec. 219. Each County Auditor shall make out, in a book to be prepared for that purpose, in such manner as the Comptroller General shall prescribe, a complete list or scbedule of all tax- able property in his County, aud the value thereof, as equalized so arranged as that each separate parcel of real property in each district, other than city, village, and town property, shall be contained in a line or lines opposite the names of the owners arranged in numerical or alphabetical order, and so that each lot or parcel of real property in cities, villages, and towns shall be contained in a line or lines opposite the names of the owners thereof, respectively, arranged in alphabetical order And the value of all personal property shall be set down opposite the names of the owners thereof, respectively ; and, if listed by any person other than the owner, for and in the name of the owner the name of such person, and the character in which he acted shall also be stated in such list, which list or schedule, made out as aforesaid, shall be retained in the County Auditor's office and another made for the County Treasurer, and delivered to him on or before the fifteenth day of November, annually, as his warrant for the collection of the taxes, assessments, and penal- ties charged thereon, each and both of which lists shall be de- nominated the County Duplicate Sxc. 220. Each County Auditor, after receiving from the Comptroller General and from such other officers and authori- 30 A&R 

ties as shall be legally empowered to determine the rate or _amount of taxes to be levied for the various purposes authorized - by law, statements of the rates and sums to be levied for the current year, shall forthwith proceed to determine the sums to be levied upon each tract and iot of real property, and upon the amount of personal property, moneys, and credits listed in his County, in the name of each person, company, or corporation, which shall be assessed equally on all real and personal property subject to such taxes, and set down in one or more columns, in such manner and form as the Comptroller General shall pre- scribe ; and in all cases where the whole amount of taxes upon the personal property, moneys, and credits of any person shall not amount to ten cents, the Auditor shall not enter the same upon the duplicate, if such person has no other taxable prop- erty Src. 221. The County Auditors shall not be required to assess on the taxable property of their Counties, or of any town, city or incorporated village, or school district therein, for any pur- pose, nor for all purposes added together, any rate of taxation containing or resulting in any fraction other than a decimal fraction, nor in any fraction less than one-half of a mill but if the sum required to be raised for any or all purposes results in a fraction less than one-half of a mill, such fraction shall be dropped Sec. 222. The County Auditor shall enter the taxes on the duplicate, to be retained in his own office, in such number of columns as the Comptroller General shall, from time to time, di- rect ; but on the duplicate for the County Treasurer he shall enter the taxes against each parcel of real and personal property, on one or more lines, opposite the name of the owner or own- ers ; and, in all other respects, the Comptroller General may prescribe forms for County duplicates as may seem to him most conducive to the interest and convenience of the public, and County Auditors shall conform thereto. Sec. 223. If the County Auditor shall at any time dissaver j that any real estate or new structure, duly returned and ap- n praised for taxation, has been omitted from the duplicate, he shall immediately charge the same on the duplicate, with the taxes of the current year, and the simple taxes of each pre- ceding year the same may have escaped taxation And if the owner of any real estate or new structure thereon, subject to taxation, bas not reported the same for taxation, according to the requirements of this Chapter, and the same has not been 

appraised for taxation, the Auditor shall, upon discovery thereof, appraise the same, and, upon making return of such appraise- ment, shall charge the same upon the duplicate, with the taxes of the then current year, and the taxes of each preceding year it may have escaped taxation, with twenty per cent. penalty upon such taxes of preceding years. And if any real estate shall have been omitted in any return, the Auditor of the County shall appraise the same immediately for taxation, file such appraisement in his office, and charge the same with the taxes of the current year, and the simple taxes of the preceding years it may have escaped taxation. Sec. 224. If the County Auditor shall suspect or be informed that any person or persons, corporation or company, has evaded making a return, or made a false return of his, her, or their personal property for taxation, or have or has not made a full return, or that the valuation returned is less than it should have been, according to the rules prescribed by this Chapter, it shall be his duty, at any time before the settlement with the Trea- surer for the year, to notify such party to appear before him at his office, at a time fixed in said notice, together with such other person or persons as said Auditor may desire to examine, and the party, together with any witness called, shall be examined by said Auditor, under oath (which oath said Auditor is au- thorized to administer), touching the personal property, and the value thereof, of such party, and everything which may tend to evince the true amount such party should have returned for taxation. Sec. 225. If any person notified, either as a party or witness, to appear before the County Auditor, as provided for in the preceding Section, shall refuse or neglect to appear before the County Auditor at the time stated in said notice, or shall refuse to be sworn, or refuse to answer any question put to him by said Auditor, touching the matter under examination as afore- said, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable to indictment therefor in the Court of General Sessions. Upon conviction thereof, or of any of said refusals, or of such neg- lect, he shall be fined in any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars and costs of prosecution, and be confined in the County jail of said County until answers shall be made to all questions which may be propounded to him by said County Auditor, and such fine and costs paid ; and when such fine is collected, it shall be paid into the County treasury to the credit of the County. In every such case the County Auditor shall report the facts to 

the Solicitor of the Circuit. who shall forthwith prepare an in- dietment thereon and submit the same to the Grand Jury SEc 226 The County Auditor. when he shall deem it neces- ary. may adjourn the examination provided for im the preced- ing Section. from time to time; and if he shall find that the party has failed to make any return for taxation, or intention- ally made a false return, or intentionally returned bis or their property for taxation at less than its fuir cash value, he shall determine what amount should have been returned byw the party. and add fifty per cent. thereto as penalty, and charge the same, with said penalty against the party on the duplicate with the taxes of the current year, and the taxes of each pre celing year it may have escaped taxation, with twenty per cent. and penalties upon such taxes of preceding years ; but it he shall find the party committed a merely unintentional mix tuke in any return made, he sball add such amount as he may deem just to such return, and charge the party with th simple taxes thereon SEC. 27. If, upon the examination provided for in the DY ose oth PScctionsthe return made to or by the Auditor shall be found to be correct, the expenses of tbe examination shall be paid by but if it) shall the County Auditor out of the County treasury be found that the retur as’ made, was intentionally false. or that no return was made, the Auditor shall pay the expenses of the examination out of the County treasury, and charee the sume to the party on the duplicate, in addition to the penalty and such amount shall be collected provided for such cases ; with the taxes of the party, to reimburse the treasury of the ‘ounty for the expenses paid as aforesaid. But if the return ade was unintentionally erroncous, said Auditor shall pay the witnesses’ fees and costs of serving the notice out of the County treasury, charge the same on duplicate to the party, and the same shall be collected and paid into the County treasury, as aforesaid. Src. 228. The expenses to be allowed upon the examination provided for by the 225th Section of this Chapter shall be. tor serving the notice or notices, the fees allowed to Sheriffs and Constables for serving a summons, and to witnesses, the same fees to witnesses in suits before a Trial Justice’s Court Src. 229. Each County Auditor shall add to the value of all personal property which the owner or other person whose duty “it is made to list the same shall have refused or neglected to list, or to the value of which such person shall have retused of 

neglected to swear, fifty per centum on the value, and charge the same on the duplicate upon which taxes shall be collected and apportioned to the several funds for which taxes are as- sessed against such owner in proportion to the respective levies Sec. 230. Whenever any tax-payer shall fail to make returns to the Auditor of his County within the time prescribed by law it shall be the duty of the County Auditor to enter on the tax duplicate, against such tax-payer, the property charged to him the previous year, with fifty per cent. penalty added thereto, except in cases of sickness or absence from the County, when the true amount of property only shall be charged Sec. 231. If any person required to list property for taxation shall have been prevented by sickness or absence from giving to the Auditor the statement or return for taxation required, such person or his agent may, at any time prior to the tenth day of September of the year of the assessment, make out and deliver to the County Auditor a statement of the same, sworn to (which oath the Auditor is authorized to administer,) and shall also make oath before said Auditor that he was sick or absent during the whole time when he should have otherwise listed his property for that year; and, if absent, that such absence was not for the purpose of avoidiug the listing of bis property The Auditor shall receive the return made by the absent per- son, and charge such party with taxes on the duplicate accord- ing to the return so made to him. ‘Sec 232. Hach County Auditor shall correct annually the valuation of any parcel or lot of real property on which any structures may have been constructed, or on which any struc- ture may have been destroyed, according to the return thereof made in accordance with the provisions hereof, and assess the tax upon such corrected valuation Said Auditor shall also cor- rect any errors he may discover in the name of the owner, in the description or quantity of any parcel or lot of real estate, or in any return made to his office He shall also correct any errors in his duplicate when ordered by the Comptroller General but he shall not reduce any assessment of personal property regularly made and returned to his office, nor make any deduc- tion from the valuation of any tract, lot, or parcel of real estate, except upon the written order of the Comptroller General which written order shall only be made by the Comptroller Gencral upon a statement of facts submitted to him in writing and when any personal or real property has been listed, re- 

turned, or entered for taxation in a wrong locality, the County Auditor shall correct the return or entry, and charge such pro- perty with the taxes in the locality required by the provisions hereof: Provided, That any correction made in the duplicate by the County Auditor shall be entered on both the Auditor’s and Treasurer’s duplicate, except that, in case of the reduction of any assessment or tax, the Auditor may furnish the Treasurer with a certificate of such reduction: And provided further, That each County Auditor shall keep a record of all sales or convey- ances of real property made in his County, in which he shall enter, in columns, the names of the purchaser and seller, the quality of land conveyed, the location and price of the same, and therefrom correct the County duplicates annually ; and, for the purpose of carrying out this provision, the Clerks of Courts and Registers of Mesne Conveyances of each County are here- by required to have the endorsement of the County Auditor on each and every deed of conveyance for real property that the same is on record in bis office, before the same can be placed on record in the oftices of said Clerks of Courts or Registers of Mesne Conveyances; and the said County Auditor shall be entitled to collect a fee of twenty-five cents, for his own use, for making such entry and endorsement. Src. 233. Each County Auditor shall, annually, on or before November tenth, make out and transmit, by mail, to the Comp- troller General, a complete abstract of the duplicate of his County, which shall state the aggregate value of taxable prop- erty, and the total amount of taxes assessed thereon for that year; and he shall, at the same time, also make out and _ trans- mit to the Comptroller General an abstract of the number and value of each of the enumerated articles of personal property, he value of merchants’ and manufacturers’ stock, and the value of all other personal property as returned by him and fixed by the Board or Boards of Equalization; but such abstracts shall be made out in such form and contain such details as the Comp- troller General may prescribe. Sec. 234. Each County Auditor shall attend at his office on or before the first of May, annually, or at any other time the Comptroller may direct, to make settlement with the Treasurer of his County, and ascertain the amount of taxes, penalties, and assessments collected by such Treasurer, and the amount with which such Treasurer is to stand charged on account thereof, and on account of each fund for which a levy was made on the duplicate; and each Auditor shall take, from the duplicate pre- 

viously put into the hands of said Treasurer for collection, a list of all such taxes, assessments, dnd penalties as such Treasurer has been unable to collect, therein describing the property as described on the duplicate, and shall note thereon, in a marginal column, the several reasons assigned by such Treasurer why such taxes or other charges could not be collected, which list shall be denominated the delinquent list, and which shall be signed and sworn to by the Treasurer. before said Auditor ; and ti said Auditor shall record the same in a book to be provided for that purpose, and transmit an abstract thereof to the Comptrol- ler General; and, in making such list, the delinquencies 1n each { district, city, village, and town; shall be stated separately, and, 4 after deducting the amount of taxes, assessments, and penalties so returned delinquent, and the collection fees allowed the; Treasurer by law, said Treasurer shall be held liable for the balance of the taxes, assessments, and penalties, charged on the duplicate: Provided, however, That only the following causes shall be assigned by said Treasurer on said delinquent list for 4 not collecting any tax, penalty, or assessment, to wit: Ist. That sufficient personal property of the party charged therewith ‘could not be found out of which to make the same. 2d. That property was found, but could not be leased or sold for want of bidders ; and. 3d. That such taxes, assessments, or penalties, were enjoined by a competent Court. Sec. 235. Each County Auditor shall answer in writing all inquiries propounded to him by the Comptroller General touch- I ing the condition and value of the real estate of his County, i and changes made in the valuation thereof in the differentt towns, villages, cities, wards, and other districts; also, as to the valuations of the different classes of personal property for taxa- tion, as compared with their market value, and in relation to any and all matters which the Comptroller General may deem of interest to the public, or of value to him in the discharge of his duties as Comptroller General. Src. 236. Each County Auditor is hereby authorized to ad- minister all oaths necessary to be taken by any one in the assessment and return of property for taxation, or necessary in the performance of any duty enjoined upon County Auditors é by law. Src. 237. The County Auditors of the several Counties shall receive the annual salaries hereinafter mentioned respectively : The County Auditor of Charleston, two thousand dollars: Pro- 

vided, That no additional compensation shall be allowed for clerk hire; the County Auditors of Abbeville, Marion, and Richland, seven hundred dollars each; the County Auditors of Aiken, Anderson, Barrwell, Beaufort, Chester, Colleton, Darlington, Edgefield, Fairfield, Greenville, Laurens, Newberry, Orangeburg, Spartanburg, Sumter, and York, six hundred dol- lars each; the County Auditors of Chesterfield, Clarendon, Georgetown, Hampton, Horry, Kershaw, Lancaster, Lexington, Marlboro, Oconee, Pickens, Union, and Williamsburg, five hun- dred dollars each : Provided, That the Comptroller General shall not issue to any County Auditor any warrant for salary until said Auditor shall file in the office of the Comptroller General all abstracts and reports due by such Auditor. And in addition to the salaries of the Auditors, as hereinbefore provided, the County Auditors shall receive to defray the expenses of assess- ment of property such sums as may be necessary, but not to ex- ceed the following, to wit: The Auditor of Charleston County, twelve hundred dollars; the Auditors of Abbeville, Marion, and Richland, five hundred dollars each; the Auditors of Aiken, Anderson, Barnwell, Beaufort, Chester, Darlington, Edgefield, Fairfield, Greenville, Hampton, Laurens, Newberry, Orange- burg, Spartanburg, Sumter, and York, four hundred dollars each; the Auditors of Colleton, Clarendon, Horry, Kershaw, Lancaster, Lexington, Marlboro, Pickens, Oconee, Union, Wil- And liamsburg, and Chesterfield, three hundred dollars each. the County Commissioners of the several Counties as aforesaid shall, upon the application of the County Auditors, draw their checks on the County Treasurers for the several amounts to which the Auditors may be entitled under the provisions of this Section, and the County Treasurers shall pay the said checks from the first collections of County funds of the fiscal year in which the work shall be performed ; but no such check or order shall be paid by the County Treasurer until the Auditor shall have filed with the County Commissioners an itemized state- ment of the services rendered by his assistants, the number of days each of said assistants was employed, and the compensa- tion they were severally to receive, which said statement shall be examined and approved by the said Board of County Com- missioners: Provided, That no member of the Board of County Commissioners shall act as Assistant Assessor in the County of Charleston. 

Szc. 238. The County Auditors in the several Counties of the State are required, before the time fixed for the assessment of property for the purpose of taxation, to appoint in and for each township of their respective Counties three intelligent and dis- creet frecholders, resident in the township for which they are appointed, who, upon taking the oath prescribed for officers in the Constitution, and the oath witb respect to duelling, shall meet at some convenient place in their respective townships, and elect a chairman, and, when so organized, shall form a Board of Assessors for the purpose of assessing the value of real and personal estate in their township for the purposes of taxa- tion. In any County in this State in which townships have not been laid out, the County Auditor shall divide his County into as many tax districts as may be necessary, and shall appoint Assessors for each district; and for the puposes of this Section, each ward and parish in the city and County of Charleston shall be considered a tax district. Tbe members of the said Board of Assessors shall receive no compensation, but shall be exempt from road and jury duty in their respective Counties. County Board of Equalization. Sec. 239. The Chairmen of the said Boards of Assessors in the several Counties of the State shall, together, constitute the County Board of Equalization in such Counties, and the Chair- man of the County Board of Equalization shall be the County member of the State Board of Equalization. The County Board shall organize by the election of a Chair- man. Any two of them shall constitute a quorum for the trans- action of business, and the County Auditor shall be the Clerk thereof. Such Board shall meet on the first Monday in August in each year, and at such other times as the Chairman, or a majority of the Board, shall direct, at the Auditor’s office of the County. The County Auditor shall lay before them at their meeting in August the returns of the real property made by him, with the valuations fixed by the Board of Assessors. Each member having taken an oath before some officer duly qualified to administer the same, fairly and impartially to equalize the value of the real estate of such County, according to the pro- visions of this Chapter, the Board shall immediately proceed to 

equalize such valuations as between townships, so that each tract shall be entered on the tax list at its true value. They shall hear all grievances. Any person whose property has been or may be assessed above its true value, who cannot secure re- lief from said Board, shall have the right to appeal to the Comp- troller General of the State, to whom shall be forwarded all the testimony relative to such alleged grievance. For the purpose of performing the duties herein required, the Board shall observe the follwing rules: Ist. They shall raise the valuation of such tracts and lots of real property, or articles of personal property, as, in their opinion, have been returned below their true value, to such price or sum as they may believe to be the true value thereof, and due notice shall be given to the owner or agent of such property. 2d. They shall reduce the valuation of such tracts and lots of real property and articles of personal property as, in their opin- ion, have been returned above their true value, as compared with the average valuation of the property of such County, having due regard to the relative situation, quality of soil, im- provement, natural and artificial advantages possessed by each tract or lot of real property. 3d. They shall not reduce the aggregate value of real and personal property of the County below the aggregate value thereof as returned by the County Auditor. Tbe County Auditor shall keep an accurate journal or record of the proceedings and orders of said Board. Src. 240. Each member of the County Boards of Equalization shall receive for his services, for each day actually employed in performing the duties enjoined upon him, three dollars per day, and five cents per mile each way as mileage for travel actually performed: Provided, That only one mileage shall be paid by said County Treasurer, to be paid out of the County treasury upon the warrant of the County Commissioners, on the certi- ficate of the County Auditor. Src. 241. There shall be a special Board for the equalization of the real and personal property, moneys, and credits in the city of Charleston, to be composed of the County Auditor and six citizens of said city, to be appointed by the City Council of said city, which Board shall meet annually, at the Auditor's office of said County, on the first Monday in September, and shall have power to equalize the value of the real estate and personal property, moneys, and credits, within said city, and 

shall be governed by the rules, provisions, and limitations pre scribed for the government of annual County Boards for th equalization of real and personal property, moneys, and credits but said Board shall not continue in session more than tw weeks in one year. Sxc. 241a. The County Auditor shall add to, or deduct from the value of the real estate or personal property such pey centum, in villages, towns, wards, blocks, or other districts, o1 may be ordered by the Board of Equalization of the city o1 County, as the case may be, on the duplicate, distributing th same pro rata to each owner, and shall add to, or deduct from the valuation of the rea] or personal property of individuals companies, or corporations such sum or sums as may be ordered by either of said Boards. The State Bourd of Equalization. Src. 242. The Chairmen of the County Boards of Equaliza tion in the State shall constitute the State Board of Equaliza tion. Each of them must file with the Comptroller General certificate of his election as Chairman of his County Board, on or before the meeting of the State Board. The Comptroller General shall submit the said certificates o election and the abstracts of real property transmitted to him by the County Auditors to the State Board when it convenes, and shall transmit its decisions to the County Auditors, who shall forthwith conform their action thereto. The said Board shall meet at Columbia on or before the fifth of October, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and on the same day in every fourth year thereafter, and the members thereof shall each take an oath or affirmation that ho will, to the best of his knowledge and ability, so far as the duty devolves on him, equalize the valuation of real property among the several Counties, towns, cities, and villages in this State, accord- ing to the rules prescribed by this Chapter for valuing and equalizing the value of real property ; and having received from the Comptroller General the abstracts of real property trans- mitted to him by the several County Auditors, said Board shall proceed to equalize the same among the several towns, cities, villages, and Counties in this State, in the manner hereinafter prescribed : Ist. They shall add to the aggregate value of the real property of every County which they shall believe to be valued below its true value in money such per centum, in each case, as will raise the same to its true value in money. 

2d. They shall deduct from the aggregate valuation of the real property of every County which they shall believe to be valued above its true value in money such per centum, in each ‘ase, as will reduce the same to its true value in money. 3d. If they believe that right and justice require the valuation of the real property of any town, city, or village in any County, or of the real property of such County not in towns, cities, or sillages, to be raised or to be reduced, without raising or reduc- ne the other real property of such County, or without raising or reducing it in the same ratio, they may, in every such case, add o or take from the valuation of property in any one or more of uch towns, cities, or villages, or of property not in town, ‘ities, or villages, such per centum as they believe will raise or reduce the same to its true value in money. 4th. Said Board shall keep a full account of their proecedings and orders. Src, 243. Each member of the State Board of Equalization hall receive three dollars per day for each day be shall be em- ployed in performing the duties enjoined upon him, and ten ‘ents per mile for travelling to, and the same for returning from, he seat of government, to be computed by the most usually ravelled route, and paid out of the State Treasury, on the war rant of the Comptroller General. Sec. 244. When the State Board of Equalization shall have ccmpleted their equalization of real property among the several Counties, the Comptroller General shall transmit to each County Auditor a statement of the per centum to be added to, or de- ducted from, the valuation of the real property of bis County, specifying the per centum added to, or deducted from, the valu- ation of the real property in each of the several towns, villages, and cities, and of real property not in towns, villages, or cities. in case an equal per centum shall not have been added to, or deducted from, each; and the County Auditor shall forthwith proceed to add to, or deduct from, each tract or lot in his County the required per centum on the valuation thereof as it stands, after having been equalized by the County Board of Equalization, adding any fraction over fifty cents, and deduct- ing any fraction less than fifty cents, so that the valuation of any tract or lot shall not contain any fraction of a dolar, and charge the same with taxes upon such equalized value. The Comptroller General shall also, annually, give due notice to each County Auditor of the rates per centum authorized by law to be levied for the various State purposes, which rates, or per 

centum, shall be levied by the County Auditor on the taxable property of the County, and charged on the duplicate with the taxes required to be levied and collected for other purposes. Src. 245. The Comptroller General shall, from time to time, prepare and transmit to the several County Auditors all such forms and instructions as he may deem necessary to carry into effect the provisions of this Chapter, and decide all questions which may arise as to the true construction of the same, or in relation to the duty of any officer under the same ; and the forms thus transmitted shall be observed and used by all County, town, and municipal officers. The instructions thus given shall be obeyed by, and the decisions thus made sball be binding upon, all County, town, and municipal officers. County Treasurer. Src. 246. The County Treasurer shall keep his office open for the receipt of taxes during the times fixed from time to time by law. Src. 247. The County Treasurer of each County, for the pur- pose of collecting taxes, shall attend first at some convenient point in each township of his County, or at such other place or places as shall be designated by law, one or more days if neces- sary, and for the last portion of the time allowed by law for the collecting of taxes shall be and remain at the County seat. Sec. 248. The said Treasurer shall give thirty days’ public notice of the days upon which he will be at the places designated. Sec. 249. The Treasurer of Charleston County is authorized to appoint fonr deputies, whose duty it shall be to assist in the collection of taxes in said County. Said deputies shall each re- ceive, as compensation for their services, the same commissions as are paid for the collection of taxes to the County Treasurer: Provided, That the total amount paid to each deputy in any cur- rent year shall not exceed the sum of five hundred dollars: And pro- vided, further, That the duties of said deputics shall be confined to the collection of simple taxes, and shall not include the collection of taxes with penalties attached. Said deputies shall give such bond for the faithful performance of their duties as said County Treasurer shall require. Taxes, how and whensto be Paid. Sec. 250. All taxes, except as herein excepted, shall be pay- able annually after their assessment, and the several County 

Treasurers shall collect the same in the manner required by law. and give the receipts therefor to the several parties paying the same, in which the real estate paid on shall be briefly described, and the value of the personal property paid on shall be stated, * together with the time such taxes may be payable. The pay * certificates of all jurors and State witnesses in the Circuit Courts shall be received in payment of County taxes. Sec. 251. When the title or an interest in real or personal (property, or any part thereof, shall have become transferred to ror vested in any person not the owner at the time said property was assessed for taxation, before the expiration of the period for the payment of taxes thereon, it shall be the duty of the County Auditor, upon the application of the person acquiring such title or interest subsequent to assessment, and before the period for paying taxes has expired, to apportion the share of taxes due by the original owner upon that portion of or interest in the property acquired subsequent to assessment by the party so applying, and thereupon it shall be the duty of the County Treasurer to receive from the party so applying the proportion- ate share of taxes upon such part or interest so acquired since assessment as estimated by the Auditor, and give receipt for same, which receipt shall discharge such portion or interest from the taxes 80 assessed. Src. 252. In all cases in which any County, State, or other ftaxes are now or shall be hereafter charged upon the books of any County ‘Treasurer of the State against any person, and such Treasurer shall claim the payment of the taxes so charged, or shall take any step or proceeding to collect the same, the person against whom such taxes are charged, or against whom such step or proceeding shall be.taken, shall, if he conceives the same to be unjust or illegal for any cause, pay the said taxes notwith- standing, under protest, in such funds and moneys as the said County Treasurer shall be authorized to receive by the Act of the General Assembly levying the same; and upon such payment being made, the said County Treasurer shall pay the taxes so collected into the State Treasury, giving notice at the time to the Comptroller General that the payment was made under pro- test; and the person so paying said taxes may at any time within thirty days after making such payment, but not after- wards, bring an action against the said County Treasurer for the recovery thereof in the:Court of Common Pleas for the County in which such taxes are payable; and if it be deter- mined in said action that such taxes were wrongfully or illegally 

collected, for any reason going to the merits, then the Court before whom the case is tried shall certify of record that the same were wrongfully collected and ought to be refunded, and thereupon the Comptroller General sh#l issue his warrant for the refunding of the taxes so paid, which shall be paid in pre- ference to other claims against the Treasury Provided, That the County Treasurers shall be required to receive jury and witness tickets for attendance upon the Circuit Courts of the State receivable for taxes due the County in which the said ser- vices are rendered. Sec. 253. There shall be no other semedy in any case of the illegal or wrongful collection of taxes or attempt to collect taxes, or attempt to collect taxes in funds or moneys which the County Treasurer shall be authorized to receive under the Act of the General Assembly levying the same, being other than such as the person charged with said taxes may tender or claim the right to pay, than that herein provided. And no writ of mandamus shall be granted or issued from any Court, or by the Judge of any Court, directing or compelling the reception for taxes of any funds, currency, or bank bills, not authorized to be received for such taxes by the Act of the General Assembly levying the same; and no writ, order, or process of any kind whatsoever staying or preventing any officer of the State charged with a duty in the collection of taxes from taking any step or proceeding in the collection of any tax, whether such tax is legally due or not, shall in any case be granted by any Court, or the Judge of any Court; but in all cases whatsoever the person against whom any taxes shall stand charged upon the books of the County Treasurer shall be required to pay the same in such funds and moneys as the said County Treasurer shall be authorized to receive by the Act of the General Assem- bly levying the said taxes in manner and form as above pro- ided, and thereupon shall have his remedy under the pro- isions of the next preceding Section Sec. 254. In any action brought under the provisions of the aid Section, no costs or disbursements shall be taxed or allowed n favor of either party, except for the service of process and rocuring the attendance of witnesses Src. 255. The County Treasurer, immediately upon the re- ‘eipt of the tax duplicate for the year from the County Auditor, § hall cause a notice to be inserted once in two daily newspapers ¢ published at the County seat of his County, if two such papers be there published ; if not, then in one such paper; and if no 

daily paper be published at such County seat, then in two week- ly papers published at said County seat ; but if two such weekly newspapers be not published, then in one such paper; and if no paper is published in tle County, then such notice shall be given in such manner as the County Treasurer may direct, stating the total rate per centum of levies for State purposes, and the total rate per centum for all other purposes, on the duplicate of that year; and if any special levies have been made on the property of a school or other district, not affecting an entire County, the total rate of levies in such district shall also be stated in such notice. Sec. 256. Each County Treasurer shall, on or before the fimt day of May of each year, settle with the Auditor of his County for all taxes, assessments, and penalties collected by him on the duplicate of the preceding year, and ascertain the amount with which he stands charged on account of such taxes, assessments, and penalties ; and be shall furnish said Auditor the names of all parties against whom taxes, assessments, or penalties are cbarged on said duplicate, from whom he has been unable to collect such taxes, assessments, or penalties, and the amounts uncollected ; and when such Treasurer has made a list thereof. he shall swear to and sign the same before said Auditor, axsign- ing only such reasons for non-collection as are mentioned in the 236th Section of this Chapter (and only such amounts shall be inserted in said list as remain uncollected on account of some one of the causes mentioned in said 236th Section) ; and atter deducting his fees and amount included in said delinquent list. he shall stand charged with the remainder of the taxes, asses<- ments, and penalties, charged on said duplicate; but if, in making i-such settlement, the County Treasurer shall stand charged with Ih any tax, assessment, or penalty, which, in fact, was not paid prior thereto, he may, at any time while remaining in office. collect the same by distress and sale of property as in other cases of delinquent taxes, or by action in his own name, as for money paid for the use of the party or parties charged with. or bound to pay, said tax, penalty, or assessment ; and atter goin: out of office, he may maintain an action in his own name. a aforesaid, for the collection of such tax, penalty, or assessment. Src. 257. Every County Treasurer shall, on the first and fit: mk teenth days of each month, forward to the State Treasurer ail e the moneys collected by him for or on account of the State of taxes, specifying for and on account of what fund the same were collected, for which duplicate receipts shall be returned to them 

by the State Treasurer; of said receipts, one shall be retained by the County Treasurer, and one shall be forwarded by him to the Comptroller General. The County Treasurer shall, also, on the first and fifteenth days of each month, notify the Board of County Commissioners the amount of funds collected for and on account of their respective Counties, and the character of such funds; and on the sixteenth day of cach month shall also report to the Comptroller General, in such manner as the Comp- troller General shall direct, a full and complete statement of the State, County, and poll tax collected during the previous months or month, which report shall exhibit the total collection made during the fiscal year, the amount disbursed and cash on hand for or on account of any levy or tax collected by him, which report shall be denominated “The County Treasurer's Monthly Report.” Sec. 258. The following shall be the commissions of the County Treasurers upon all taxes collected in their respective Counties : Three per cent. upon the first ten thousand dollars ; two per cent. upon the next ten thousand dollars; one per cent. upon the next ten thousand dollars; one-half of one per cent. upon all amounts collected over thirty thousand dollars: Pro- vided, The same shall not exceed eight hundred dollars, or be less than five hundred dollars per annum, except the County of Charleston, where the commissions shall not exceed two thou- sand dollars. For clerical services in the office of County Treasurer of Charleston, eight hundred dollars. Src. 259. 'The Treasurer shall be allowed one-half of the same fees and costs for making distress and sale of real property for the payment of taxes as are or may be allowed to Sheriffs for making levy and sale of real property. The County Treasurer ball be allowed the following fees for making distress and sale of personal property: For execution, fifty cents . ? entry of exe- ‘ution in execution book, fifty cents; levy, fifty cents; adver- ising, one dollar; travelling fees, five cents per mile one way, to »e computed from the seat of justice of the County to the place of making distress, and no constructive mileage to be allowed ; other expenses at the actual costs. Delinquent Tares. Src. 260. When the taxes, assessments, and penalties charged grainst any parcel or lot of real property shall not be paid on vr before tho time fixed in each year, or collected by distress or >therwise, as authorized by this Chapter, a penalty of fifteen 

per cent. thercon shall be added by the County Auditor on the County duplicate; and if the said taxes and penalty shall not be paid on or before the day fixed in the Act levying the tax for that year, or collected by distress or otherwise. the penalty land said taxes shall be treated as the delinquent taxes on such real property, to be collected in the same manner that is or may be prescribed by law; and if the amount of such delin- quent taxes, assessments, and penalties shall not be paid on or before the day fixed in the Act levying the tax for the year, the said delinquent taxes, assessments, and penalties shall be due and collected by the lease or sale of such real estate, in the manner that is or may be required by law. Sec. 261. Any person holding a lien by way of or an interest in the nature of a mortgage upon any property the subject of tax- ation, upon which the mortgagor shall have failed to pay the tax at any time before the lease thereof, or if it be not leased before the sale thereof for delinquent taxes, as hereinafter pro- vided, may pay the tax, with any costs, penalties, or assess- ments which may have accrued thereon; and thereupon he shall be entitled as against his mortgagor, his representatives, privies, or assigns, to include the amount so paid, and all inter- est thereafter accruing thereon, in the debt secured by his mort- gage. Sxc. 262. If any taxes charged on any real estate be regu- larly paid, and such real estate be erroneously returned delin- quent, and leased or sold for such taxes, the lease or sale shall be totally void ; or if any taxes shall be illegally assessed and col- lected, when the same shall become known to the County Aud- itor, he shall, on demand of the party interested, submit the matter to the Comptroller General; and if the Comptroller General approve thereof, in writing, the amount paid by the purchaser at such void lease or sale, or the amount so illegally collected, shall be repaid to the party paying the same, out of the County treasury, on the order of the County Auditor ; and so much of said taxes as shall have been paid into the State treasury shall be refunded to the County treasury, and the County Auditor shall retain the same in his next annual settle- ment, and charge the State therewith. Sec. 263. In all cases where the penalty for non-payment of taxes has attached to property held by assignees in bankruptcy, and which could not, or cannot, be sold before the time at which taxes become due; and in all cases where sales of prop- erty, for the settlement of estates, ordered by any Court in this 

State, have not been, and cannot, for want of time, be made in season for the payment of taxes due thereon, the Comptroller General, upon proper evidence that the taxes due upon such property have not been, and cannot be, paid until a sale of said property is made, may remit the penalty which, by law, at- taches for non-payment of taxes Src. 264. All personal property subject to taxation shall be liable to distress and sale for the payment of taxes and assess- ments; and at any time after any taxes or assessment shall be- come due, according to law, the County Treasurer, by himself or deputy, may distrain sufficient personal property of the party against whom such taxes or assessments are charged, if the same can be found in his County, to pay the taxes or assess- ments so due, with any penalty charged or chargeable thereon and the costs that may accrue, and shall immediately advertise the same in three of the most public places in the town, or ward, or district, in which such property shall be distrained stating the time and place in such town, ward, or district when and where such property will be sold; and if the taxes, assessments, and penalties, for which such property was dis- trained, together with the costs of the proceeding, shall not be paid before the day appointed for such sale, (which shall not be less than five, nor more than ten days after posting up such notices of sale,) such Treasurer, or his deputy, shall proceed, at the time and place mentioned in said notices, to sell such prop- erty, or so much thereof as may be necessary, at public vendue, to the highest bidder; and if such property, or a sufficient amount thereof, shall not be sold at the time and place afore- said, such Treasurer shall retain the same in his possession, and advertise and offer the same for sale, in manner aforesaid, from time to time, until the same shall be sold. SEc. 265. If any chattel tax shall be unpaid at the time fixed for the payment thereof by this Chapter, or returned delin- quent, as authorized by this Chapter, the County Treasurer may not only distrain property for the payment thereof, but may re- cover the same, with the penalties thereon, by action at law proceedings in attachment, or other means authorized by law to be used by private individuals in the collection of debts, which action or other proceedings shall be prosecuted in the name of such Treasurer; and if he shall die or go out of office before the termination of such action or proceeding, or theffinal collection of the money, or any judgment or. order therein, his successor or successors may, from time to time, be substituted as plaintiff therein 

Src. 266. If, after the return of any chattel tax by any County Treasurer as delinquent, the County Treasurer shall know or be informed that the party against whom the same is charged resides in some other County i in this State, or has property or debts due him therein, it shall be his duty to make out and for- “ward to the Prensuter of such other County a certified state- ment of the name of the party against whom such taxes are charged, of the value of the property on which such taxes were levied, the amount of the taxes and penalties assessed thereon and that the same are delinquent, to the aggregate of which taxes and penalties he shall add twenty-five per cent. as collec. tion fees, upon the receipt of which certificate it shall be the duty of the Treasurer of such other County to collect such de- linquent taxes and penalties, with the twenty-five per cent. col- lection fees as aforesaid, for which purpose he shall have all the rights, powers, and remedies conferred upon the Treasurer of the County in which such taxes were assessed, and be allowe the same fees for distraint and sale of property as if said taxe had been levied in his own County, and, upon collection made may retain one-half of said twenty-five per cent. collection fees and shall transmit-the balance collected by him tothe Treasurer of the County from whom he received such certified statement by mail But if the Treasurer to whom any such statement is sent cannot collect the amount therein named, or any part thereof, he shall return the same, so endorsed, with reasons for such non-collection. Sec. 267. On the day fixed in the Act levying the tax for each year, the County Treasurer shall furnish the County Au- ditor with a list of the names of such tax-payers on his dupli- cate as have failed to pay the tax and penalties charged against said tax-payers on account of any real property, said property to contain the number of lots and acres of land, with buildings thereon, with the State and County tax in detail and aggregate which list shall be denominated the list of delinquent lands And thereupon it shall be the duty of the County Treasurer forthwith to enter upon and to take possession of the said delin- quent lands And all real property returned delinquent by the County Treasurer as provided for in this Chapter, shall first be offered for lease on the day fixed'in the Act levying the tax to f it satisfy taxes, assessments, and penalties thereon: Provided, s That at all sales of land for taxes only, the right, title, and in- - terest of the one in whose name the land has been listed and 

assessed shall be sold: Provided, also, That nothing herein con- tained shall prevent the priority of the lien for taxes over any incumbrance created by or against the owner of the property! listed for taxation. Sxc. 268. Each County Auditor in this State shall, annually, cause the list of delinquent lands in the County to be published weekly for two weeks, between the days fixed in the Act levy- ing the tax for that year, in one newspaper, and no more, pub- lished in his County; and if no paper be published in said County, then in some newspaper having the most general cir- culation in said County, to which list there shall be attached a notice in the following form, to wit: “Notice is hereby given that the whole of the several parcels, lots, and parts of lots, of real estate described in the preceding list, or so much thereof as will be necessary to pay the taxes, penalties, and assessments County, charged thereon, will be let by Treasurer of South Carolina, at bis office in said County, on day fixed as aforesaid, unless said taxes, assessments, and penalties, be paid before that time; and such letting will be continued from day to day, until all of said parcels, lots, and parts of lots of real A.D). estate, shall be let or offered for lease. Auditor of County.” “And said Auditor shall insert, at the foot of the record of said delinquent list, a copy of said notice, and certify to the correctness thereof, in what paper the same was published, when, and how long, and sign the same officially. If the County Auditor, by inadvertence or mistake, or any other cause, shall have heretofore omitted, or shall hereatter omit, to publish the delinquent list of his County, or any por- tion thereof, it shall be his duty, unless all taxes, assessments, and penalties charged therein, shall have been paid prior to the next May settlement therewith of the County Treasurer, to charge the several parcels of real estate described in said list with said taxes, assessments, and penalties,. with the taxes, as- sessments, and penaltics of the year next succeeding such omis- sion, and record, certify, and publish the. same as part of the delinquent list of such succeeding year, according to the provis- ions of this Chapter. Sec. 269. The County Treasurer, or his deputy, shall attend at his office on the day fixed by law, and then and there, be- tween the hours of ten o’clock in the morning and three in the afternoon, offer for lease, at public auction, each tract, parcel, or lot of real estate described in the advertisement aforesaid, on 

which the taxes, assessments, and penalties charged thereon shall not have been paid, for a term not exceeding seven years and the person then and there offering to pay the taxes, assess- ments, and penalties charged thereon, for the shortest term and for the least quantity thereof, shall be the lessee; and the Treasurer shall continue such letting, from day to day, until each tract, parcel, or lot of real estate described in said adver- tisement, upon which the taxes, assessments, and penalties, shall not have been paid, shall be let or offered for lease: Provided. That the letting thus made shall be denominated the delinquent land letting: Provided, That the time occupied in conducting above delinquent land letting shall not extend beyond the Fri- day following the day fixed as aforesaid : Provided, further, That the charges for advertising by the County Auditor shall not exceed two dollars Sec. 270. If the party leasing any part of real estate at the letting mentioned in the preceding Section shall fail to pay the P Treasurer, immediately, the amount of taxes, assessments, and penalties charged thereon, the Treasurer shall immediately offer the same again for lease as if no lease had been made; and the purchaser or purchasers of such lease so failing to make pay- ment of said taxes, assessments, and penalties shall forfeit and pay a penalty of 50 per cent. on the amount thereof, which shall immediately be charged on the duplicate of the County, by the County Auditor, against such purchaser or purchasers and collected as taxes, and with like penalties for delinquency and, when collected, one-half thereof shall be retained by the County Treasurer, and the other half paid to the County | Au- ditor. Sec. 271. The County Auditor, or his deputy, shall attend all > letting of delinquent real estate made by the Treasurer of his County, and shall make a record thereof in a substantial book, therein describing the several parcels offered for lease, as de- scribed in the advertisement aforesaid, and stating how much of each parcel was let, and to whom leased; and if any parcel was offered for lease and not let for want of bidders, he shall so enter it on record ; and the County Auditor shall make out and certify a copy of said record, and forward the same to the Comptroller General within twenty days from the termination of said letting Src. 272. Upon the payment of the proper amount into the County treasury, and fifty cents to the County Auditor for the certificate, and ten cents for the lease of each parcel of real estate, the lease whereof shall be so purchased at delinquent 

land letting, the County Auditor shall give to each purchaser at such letting a certificate of the lease thereof, in which he shall describe such parcel as the same was described in the delinquent list, and state when the same was leased, and for what amount and if only a part of any parcel advertised was leased, he shall specify the quantity leased, and authorize a surveyor, at} the request of the purchaser, his heirs, or assigns, to lay off, by ¢ metes and bounds, as near as may be in a square form, at the‘ most northwesterly corner of any tract or lot of land described in said certificate, the quantity so leased; and if the lease be made from any city, village, or town lot, or any part thereof the surveyor shall be directed to so lay off the quantity leased that the same shall extend from the principal street or alley forming the most convenient front to said lot to rear of the lot. and to bound the same by lines as nearly parallel with the out- lines of said lot as practicable The County Auditor shall cause the lease to be executed and delivered to the purchaser at such letting as soon as practicable upon the payment of the bid Src. 273. In case any person in possession of any delinquent land shall refuse to permit, or shall resist, the entry of the 4 County Treasurer thereon, it shall be the duty of the County « Sheriff, upon application made to him for that purpose, to putt the said County Treasurer in possession thereof. And in case any person in possession of any land leased at .any delinquent land letting shall refuse or resist the entry thereon of any pur- chaser at such letting of a lease thereof, it shall be the duty of the County Sheriff upon the production to him of such lease forthwith to put such lessee in possession of the lands describe in said lease: Provided, 'That in case the suid delinquent lands are in the possession of a lessee thereof for valuable considera- tion in an amount of annual rent equal to or exceeding the amount of the taxes, penalties, and costs due thereon, the Sheriff shall not eject such tenant upon the termination of his lease if the said tenant shall attorn in the first instance to the County Treasurer, and then to the purchaser at such land letting, and shall pay the rent accordingly. Sec. 274. The purchaser at any delinquent land letting of the lease of any delinquent lands shall be responsible for all taxes assessments, and penalties upon such lands so let to him during the continuance of his said lease Sec. 275. Within twenty days after the delinquent land letting has been closed in each year, the County Auditor shall cause a list of the delinquent lands in his County offered for lease, and 

not leased, for want of bidders, or because the bidder has not complied with the bid, to be published weekly, for two weeks, in one newspaper, and no more, published in his County, and, if no paper be published in said County, then in some newspaper having the most general circulation therein, to which list shall be attached a notice that each of the said parcels of land or so much thereof as shall be necessary to pay the taxes, penalties, and assessments charged thereon, will be sold by the Treasurer of County, South Carolina, at his office, in said County, on the sale day next succeeding the last day of publica- tion, unless said taxes, assessments, and penalties be paid before that time, and such sale shall be continued from day to day until all of the said parcels of land shall be sold or offered for sale, . A.D. Auditor of County. And the said Auditor shall insert, at the foot of the record of the delinquent list, a copy of the said notice, and a certificate that the same is cor- rect; and in which paper the same was published, when and how long, and sign the same officially. ‘Src. 276. The, County Treasurer, or his deputy, shall attend the said sale, and there and then, between the hours of 10 A. M., and 3 P. M., shall offer for sale to the highest bidder each tract, lot, or parcel of real estate described in the said adver- tisement on which the taxes, assessments, and penalties have not been paid, and shall continue said sale until each tract, parcel, or lot of land has been sold or offered for sale: Provided, That in no case shall a bid be received for any parcel, tract, or lot of land, less than the aggregate amount of taxes, assess- ments, and penalties due thereon: Provided, That any of said tracts, parcels, or lots of land may be divided and sold in par- cels, and as soon as the price bid on one or more of such parcels shall equal the amount of taxes, assessments, and penalties, due on the whole tract, parcel, or lot of land, the rest of such tract, lot, or parcel, shall be withdrawn from sale, and be free there- from: Provided, also, That the charge for advertising by the County Auditor shall not exceed two dollars. Src. 277. Any person purchasing at such sale shall at once pay up in cash the amount of the taxes, assessments, and pen- alties, charged on said property ; and if he fail so to do, the Treasurer shall immediately offer the same again for sale, as if no sale had been made ; but such purchaser shall be liable to pay a penalty of fifty per cent. upon-the amount of his bid, to be re- covered in an action at the suit of the County Treasurer, one- 

half thereof when collected to be retained by said Treasurer, and the other half to be paid to the County Auditor. Sec. 278. Upon the payment of the amount of taxes, penal- ties, and assessments, due on the tract, lot, or parcel of land so offered for sale, and of fifty cents for the certificate to the Au- ditor, and ten cents for the transfer, the County Auditor shall give to each purchaser a certificate of bis purchase describing! the tract, parcel, or lot of land sold, and the quantity sold; if only a part of any tract, parcel, or lot be sold, he shall proceed to allot and partition the same as in case of lands leased at de- linquent land letting. Src. 279. The County Auditor, or his deputy, shall attend all sales of delinquent real estate made by the Treasurer of bis County, and shall make a record thereof in a substantial book, therein describing the several parcels offered for sale, as de- acribed in the advertisement aforesaid, and stating how much of each parcel was sold, and to whom sold; and if any parcel was offered for sale and not sold for want of bidders, be shall so enter it on record, and the County Auditor shall make out and certify a copy of said record, and forward the same to the Comptroller General. within thirty days thereafter. Sec. 280. All moneys received by the County Treasurer at any delinquent land letting or sale shall be distributed by the County Auditor to the several funds for which they were respectively levied, after deducting the expenses of the advertisement afore- said, which in all cases shall be paid to the County Auditor, and the State’s proportion paid into the State treasury by the County Treasurer, at his next annual settlement with the Comp- troller General after such sale. Any surplus remaining of the proceeds of sale to be paid by the County Treasurer to the owners of the property sold when it was returned as delinquent. Src. 281. No deed shall be made for any real estate sold at delinquent land sale until the expiration of ninety-one days from and after such sale. Nor shall any survey thereof, re- quired by any certificate of purchase, be made until the expi- ration of the same period of time. Sec. 282. The certificate of purchase at any delinquent tax sale shall be assignable in law, by endorsement thereon, and an assignment thereof shall vest. in the assignee and his legal rep- resentatives all the right and title of the original purchaser. Sec. 283. All real estate which has been, or may hereafter be, sold for taxes, assessments, and penalties, at delinquent sale, under the laws of this State, may be redeemed at any time 

within one year, from and after such sale, by any person having any legal or equitable estate therein, or any heir thereof, and all such real estate belonging at the time of such sale, to minors, insane persons, or persons in confinement, may be redeemed at any time within ninety days from and after the expiration of such disability. Src. 284. Any person or persons desiring to redeem any real estate sold at a delinquent land sale, under any law of this State, may, within thirty days after the sale thereof, or within thirty days after the expiration of the disabilities named in the pre- ceding Section, deposit with the County Treasurer of the County in which such sale was made, upon the certifieate of the County Auditor, a sum equal to the amount for which such real estate was sold, with all legal charges paid by such purchaser at such sale, and subsequent taxes paid by such purchaser, his heirs, or assigns, and twenty-five per cent. penalty thereon, and the value of growing crops, if any there are, and two dollars to pay the expenses of advertising, as hereinafter provided ; and any person desiring to redeem any such real estate after the expiration of twenty days, and within ninety days after any such sale, or the removal of any of the disabilities aforesaid, may deposit with the County Treasurer aforesaid, on the cer- tificate of the County Auditor, an amount of money equal to that for which such real estate was sold, and taxes subsequently paid thereon by the purchaser and those claiming under him the legal charges as aforesaid, and fifty per cent. penalty thereon, and two dollars to pay the expenses of advertising as aforesaid ; also, paying the Auditor fifty cents for his services in attending to such redemption in either case. r Sec. 285. All applications for the redemption of real estate “sold at delinquent tax sale, as aforesaid, shall be made to the o Auditor of the County in which such real estate shall have been sold by a party interested in the title to said estate; and, upon such application, the Auditor shall give to such party the certificate mentioned in the preceding Section, describing the real estate sought to be redeemed, and specifying the sum necessary for such redemption, and adding thereto the two dol- lars for expense of publishing the notice of such redemption, upon the presentation of which to the County Treasurer of the County, and payment of the sums mentioned therein into the 

County Treasury, the Treasurer shall give to the applicant duplicate receipts therefor, describing the property as described in said certificate of the Auditor; and, upon the delivery of one of such receipts to the County Auditor, said Auditor shall imme- diately cancel the sale, and transfer the property to the party redeeming the same; and such payment and cancellation shall operate as a release of all the rights of the purchaser at such sale, his heirs and assigns. Sec. 286. The County Auditor, immediately upon the redemp- tion of any real estate as aforesaid, shall publish in some news- paper of general circulation in bis County, for two consecutive weeks, a notice, addressed to the purchaser and his assigns, that the money has been deposited in the County treasury of his County for the redemption of such real estate, describing tho same and the time when sold for taxes; for the publication of which notice said Auditor shall pay tie sum of two dollars out of the County Treasury. Sec. 287. Any tenant in common may redeem his individual share in any real estate sold at delinquent land sale in the man- ner provided for in the preceding Sections, upon payment into the County treasury of his equal proportion of the sum requi- site for the redemption of the whole, and two dollars for the publication of the notice of such redemption. Sec. 288. Upon the demand of the purchaser or his legal representatives of any real estate redeemed as aforesaid, and the surrender of the certificate of purchase to the County Auditor, and payment of fifty cents to said Auditor for his services in attending to such redemption, the Auditor shall can- cel said certificate of purchase, file the same in his office, and give to such purebaser, or his legal representatives, an order on the County Treasurer for the amount of money deposited in the County treasury in manner aforesaid, for the redemption of the real estate described in such certificate of purchase. Sec. 289. Any person interested as aforesaid, may, at any time before the deed is made by the County Auditor, with the consent of the purchaser of any parcel of real estate sold at delinquent land sale, and the delivery and cancellation of the certificate of purchase, redeem such real estate; and in such case, and also upon deposit of money in the County treasury as aforesaid, for the redemption of any real cstate sold at such sale, the County Auditor shall note such redemption or deposit, and by whom and when made, on the record of delinquent land sales, and sign his name officially thereto, for doing which any 

party redeeming by consent as aforesaid shall pay said Auditor twenty-five cents as his fees. Sec. 290. After the lapse of one year and one day from the time of any delinquent land sale, if any purchaser of any real estate at such sale, or his legal representative, shall present to the Auditor of the County in which such sale was made, a cer- tificate, of purchase of the whole of any tract or lot of real es- tate sold at such sale; or in case of the sale of part of a tract or lot offered at such sale, present to said Auditor the receipt for the sum paid by him at the sale, and the certificate of sale, and the survey and plat. of the quantity purchased, made by the surveyor, as required by this Chapter, and the taxes and assess- meats levied on the real estate described in such certificate, or certificate and plat, shall have been so far paid as that the same is not again delinquent, seid Auditor shall (upon payment to him of the remainder of the bid and of two dollars as his com- pensation therefor) make and deliver to such purchaser, his heirs or assigns, as the case may be, a decd of conveyance for the real estate so sold as aforesaid: Provided, That where the whole of two or more several tracts or lots, or parts of tracts or lots, of real estate have been, or shall be, sold to the same party, or the certificates of purchase of different tracts or lots or parts of tracts or lots, have been, or shall be, legally acquired by one person, and the party thus purchasing or holding certificates, as aforesaid, shall demand one deed for the whole of the real estate so purchased, the County Auditor shall include the whole in one deed, if all the requirements of this Chapter have been complied with, so that the party demanding such deed would be entitled to separate deeds for the said several parcels of real estate; and if the whole of any-tract or lot of real estate has been acquired by one party by different purchases, or by assign- ments of certificates of purchase, the survey and plat aforesaid shall be dispensed with, and the deed made for the whole; and the deed so made by the.County Auditor for any real estate sold as delinquent land shall be prima facie evidence of a good title in the grantee, his heirs and assigns, to the real estate therein described. . Whenever lands are sold on account of the non-payment of taxes, the purchaser thereof, to whom a con- veyance is made, shall have the right to immediate possession of the same; and it shall be the duty of the Sheriff of the County where said lands are situated, after ten days’ notice being given, 

upon complaint made, and exhibition of the deeds of conveyance, to eject person unlawfully holding over, and to put said purchaser into possession; and any person or persons who will resist the Sheriff, or refuse to vacate, shall be deemed guilty of a misde- meanor, and punished by imprisonment not less than six (6) months, and no more than twelve (12) months Provided, how ever, That if the person or persons holding over and claiming possession shall, within ten days from the execution by the Sheriff of the summary powers conferred by this Chapter, file in the office of the said Sheriff the tax receipt, or a certificate from the County Treasurer certifying that the tax or taxes were paid on the property in question, and for the year or years for which sold, thereupon the action of the Sheriff shall be and void And provided, further, That in case of tenants holding under leases, they shall not be ejected until the expiration of the same, unless they, refuse to attorn to said purchaser or purchasers Sec. 291. All lands now or hereafter upon the forfeited land record which have been offered for sale under Section 276, and which have not been sold for want of bidders, nor redeemed, as provided by law, shall be treated as assets of the State in charge of the Sinking Fund Commission, and by them sold at such time and after such advertisement, upon such terms as they Provided, That no may deem most advantageous to the State such sale be for a less sum than the accumulated taxes, costs, and penalties: Provided, That any time before any such sale shall be actually made, the owners of any piece or parcel of such lands, or those claiming under or through such owners, or others, having a legal and equitable interest therein, shall have the right to redeem any piece or parcel of the lands so forfeited by paying in gold, silver, United States Treasury notes, Na- tional Bank notes, the full amount of all accumulated taxes costs, and penalties, due and unpaid thereon, up to the date of such payment. Sec. 292. The County Auditor shall enter, in a substantial book, to be provided by him for that purpose, at the expense of the County, and denominated the “Forfeited Land Record,” a list of all real estate forfeited to the State, according to the pro- visions of this Chapter, certify to the correctness thereof, and sign the same officially; a copy of which list he shall certify and transmit to the Comptroller General, by the County Treasurer at the time the Treasurer makes his annual settlement with the Comptroller General next after the forfeiture or purchase of such real estate ; and the Comptroller General shall record the same in his office as a credit to the County Treasurer 

Sec. 293. The County Auditor of any County in which any real estate shall hereafter be sold at delinquent land sale sball make deeds therefor, though the real estate may have been, or shall hereafter be, set off into another County subsequent to such sale; and such deed shall have the same effect as if such real estate had remained in the County in which it was sold. Sec. 294. All real estate sold at delinquent land sale, under the provisions of this Chapter, shall, immediately upon the cer- tificate of purchase being given therefor, be transferred by the County Auditor on his book of real estate, as provided for in the 232nd Section of this Chapter, to the name of the purchaser. Src. 295. The County Auditor shall enter on his records of de- linquent land sales a minute of all deeds by him made in pursuance of any sales of real estate therein recorded, naming the party in whose name the same stood charged on the duplicate at the time of the sale, the date of the sale, and name of the purchaser, a brief description of the real estate, the quantity sold, the amount for which the same was sold, the date of the deed, and the name of the grantee therein ; also, a minute of all redemptions of any real estate so sold before any deed made therefor, with the date of redemption, and the name of the party redeeming. Src. 296. The purchaser of any interest of any tenant in com- mon, in any real estate, at any sale of delinquent lands, shall. on obtaining a deed therefor from the County Auditor, hold the same with the other owners as a tenant in common, and be en- titled to a partition of the estate so held in common, as other ten- ants in common. Src. 297. The lease of any land let at a delinquent land letting. and the conveyance of land sold at any delinquent Jand sale. shall be prima facie evidence of title, and shall create the pre- sumption that every prerequisite of the law has been fully com- plied with—the burden of proof being in every instance upon the party impugning such lease or conveyance: Provided, That this Act shall not apply to cases in which titles have been hereto- tore acquired. . Sec. 298. The sale of any real estate at delinquent land sale shall not be held invalid on account of its having been chareed on the duplicate in any other name than that of the rightful owner. Sec. 299. If any certificate given at any sale of delinquent lands shall be lost or destroyed, upon satisfactory proof thereof to the proper County Auditor, he shall make to the party en- titled thereto a deed for the real estate so sold, precisely as if such certificate of purchase had not been lost or destroyed. 

Sec. 300. If any action be prosecuted against the County Au- ditor or County Treasurer for performing, or attempting to per- form, any duty enjoined upon them by the provisions of this Chapter, the result of which action will affect the interests of the County, if decided in favor of the plaintiff in such action, such Auditor or Treasurer shall be allowed and paid out of the County treasury reasonable counsel fees and other expenses for defending such action, and the amount of any damages and costs adjudged against him, which fees, expenses, damages, and costs, shall be apportioned ratably by the County Auditor among all the parties, except the State, interested in the revenue involved in said action; and if the State be interested in the revenue in said action, the County Auditor shall, immediately upon the commencement of said action, inform the Comptroller General of its commencement and of the alleged cause thereof, and the Comptroller General shall submit the same to the Attorney Gen- eral who shall defend said action for and on behalf of the State; and if only some local levy made by town or other municipal authority be involved in such suit, such town or other munici- pal authority shall employ and pay counsel and all damages and costs recovered in such action; and the County Auditor and Treasurer, or both, if both be sued, may, by petition, answer, or motion in Court, cause the town or other local or municipal au- thorities interested in the revenue involved in the action, to be made parties thereto (if not already parties), and the Court in which such action may be pending shall cause the town or other local or municipal authorities to be made parties to such action, and render judgment for any damages and costs which may be found in favor of the plaintiff against said town or other municipal or local authorities, and not against said Auditor or Treasurer. Sec. 301. In any action or proceeding against any County Treasurer in this State, for the purpose of recovering any prop- erty or money alleged to have been erroneously or illegally as-4 sessed and collected as taxes, assessments, or penalties, unless 4 the party bringing such action or proceeding shall make it ap- pear that a notice in writing of the claim on which such suit may be brought was given to said Treasurer in pursuance of the 252d Section of this Chapter, and unless it shall be made to ap- pear that said Treasurer has proceeded contrary to the provi- sions of this Chapter, the amount recovered in such suit shall not exceed the value of the property or money aforesaid. 

Sec. 302. It shall be the duty of the Attorney General of the State to defend any suit or proceeding against any County Treasurer, or other officer, who shall be sued for moneys collected or property levied on or sold on account of any tax, when the Comptroller General shall have ordered such collector to pro- ceed in the collection of any such tax, after notice as aforesaid, or suit brought; and any judgment against such Treasurer, or other officer, finally recovered, shall be paid in the manner pro- vided in Section 302 of this Chapter. Sec. 303. The County Commissioners of each County shall, on or before tenth day of November in each year, make a report to the Comptroller General, to be transmitted by him to the Gen- eral Assembly, not only of the amount of taxes levied and col- lected in their respective Counties, but a detailed account of all their doings as required by law, and said report shall be made in such form as the Comptroller General of the State shall direct or prepare and forward to them for such purpose; and upon failure so to report, they shall be fined in a sum not less than two hundred nor more than five hundred dollars. Src. 304. The Attorney General shall, when requested so to do, give to the Comptroller General a written opinion upon any question submitted to him by said Comptroller General, relative to the true construction of this Chapter, or any. provisions thereof. Sec. 305. The provisions of this Act shall not affect the assess- ments made in the year 1881, nor the collection of taxes under or by virtue of any Act passed or that may be passed by the General Assembly during the present Session; but such collec- tions shall proceed in the manner prescribed by the Act author- izing the same, and the laws in relation thereto that were of force from the first day of November, A. D. 1881, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand cight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF EBasToveEr, IN RICHLAND County.” Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Louse of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Section 2 of an Act entitled “An Act to incorporate the town of Eastover, in Richland County,” approved December 24, 1880, be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to read as follows: “Section 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be elected on the fourth Monday in February, 1882; and on the fourth Monday in February of every year thereafter an election shall be held for an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States, and shall have been residents of said town sixty days next preceding said election, at such place in said town as the [ntendant and Wardens shall designate; ten days’ notice thereof in writing being previously given; and all the male inhabitants of said town of the age of twenty-one years, who have resided therein q sixty days next preceding the election, shall be entitled to vote at said election for Intendant and Wardens. And the election shall be held from seven o’clock in the morning until six in the? evening, when the poll shall be closed and the managers declare the result after counting said votes, and notify the persons elected. The Intendant and Wardens so elected, before entering upon the duties of their office, shall take and subscribe the oath prescribed by the Constitution of the State.” Sec. 2. That Section 9 of said Act be stricken out, and the following be inserted as Section 9: “That no license for the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors shall be granted by the mu- nicipal authorities of the town of Eastover.” In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. ak 

AN ACT To CLOSE A CERTAIN ABANDONED PUBLIC ROAD IN Hampton County. Wuereas, the public road known as the Lower Hudson's Ferry Road has long been abandoned, there being another pub- lic road to said ferry in use ; therefore, Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of: Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the public road known as the Lower Hudson’s Ferry Road, in Hampton County, is hereby declared closed, and all right of way over the land whereon said public road is located, is hereby restored to the lawful owners of said land. Sec. 2. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent and con- flicting with the provisions of this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ee AN ACT To REGULATE THE ROYALTY ON PHOSPHATE ROCKS AND PHOSPHATIC DEPOSITS IN THE NAVIGABLE STREAMS IN THE STATE. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Ly on and after the passage of this Act, the royalty payable to the State on all phosphate rocks and phosphatic deposits dug or mined from the navigable streams of this state by any person, company, or corporation by virtue of any license, law, charter, or other authority from this State shall be estimated only upon the crude rock, and not upon rock after it has been steamed or dried. 

Sec. 2. All Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent or in conflict with the provisions of this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. | In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. od AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE GREENVILLE AND Laurens RAaILRoAD CoMPANY. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Greenville and Laurens Railroad Company are hereby authorized and em- t powered to extend the said railroad from the city of Greenville to some point on the French Broad and Atlantic Railroad, at: or near Easley, and they are authorized to connect with, and, if they deem necessary, to cross the track of said company, or the track of any intervening railroad; and all the powers and privileges granted in the charter of the Greenville and Laurens Railroad Company are hereby granted and conferred on said extension. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW SCHOOL District In CHESTER AND FAIRFIELD COUNTIES, TO BE KNOWN as Biackstock ScHoo. District, AND TO AUTHORIZE THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF A LOCAL TAX THEREIN. Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority: of the same, That for the purpose of maintaining one or more graded public schools in the town of Blackstock, the County Commissioners of the Counties of. Chester and Fairfield be, and they are hereby authorized and required to lay off a new School District, to be known as Blackstock School District, said District to have the depot of the Charlotte, Columbia, and Augusta Railroad Com- pany at Blackstock for its centre, and to extend two (2) miles to the north, and two (2) miles to the south thereof, and three (3) miles to the east, and three (3) miles to the west thereof, so as to form a square Src. 2. The said School District shall be, and is hereby, created a body politic and corporate, with such government, rights privileges, and liabilities, as other School Districts under the Act approved 22 March, 1878 Src. 3. The said School District is also hereby authorized and l empowered to levy on all real and personal property returned in said District, a local tax not exceeding two mills on the dolla: to supplement the constitutional tax for support of said schools by the persons, in the mode following, to wit The School Trustees of said District may, on or before the 15th day of April next, and again on or before the Ist of October, 188 and onor before the last named day of each succeeding year, call a meet- ing of all the legal voters living in said District and returning real and personal property therein; that a notice of said meet- ng specifying the time place and object thereof, shall be posted in five public places in the School District at least fifteen days before the said meeting The persons answering the above designation, when thus assembled, shall appoint a chairman and secretary, adjourn from time to time, decide what additional tax, if any, shall be levied, and appropriate the same in such manner as they may think best for maintaining said schools No tax thus levied shall be repealed at a subsequent meeting held within the same fiscal year. The Chairman of the meeting f shall, within one week thereafter, notify the Chairman of the ql Board of Trustees and the County Auditors of the said Counties of Chester and Fairfield of the amount of the tax thus levied. and how it has been appropriated, and the Auditors of said Counties shall at once assess such tax on all real and personal property in their respective Counties returned in said District and the County Treasurers of said Counties shall collect the same with the State and County tax, and it shall be a lien on all property till paid, and defaulting tax-payers shall be liable 

to like process and penalties as defaulters for State and County taxes. The money collected from said tax levy shall be paid out by the said County Treasurers for purposes to which it has been appropriated on warrants drawn by the Trustees of said District, countersigned by the County School Commission- ers of their respective Counties, and said Treasurers shall be liable to said School District for non-performance of their duty in respect to said moneys in the same manner, and under like penalties, as for non-performance of their duty in reference to State and County taxes. The first assessment under this Act may be for the scholastic year beginning on lst Noventber, 1881. Sec. 4. This Act shall take effect from the date of its passage, and all Acts inconsistent therewith are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1881. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. __. AN ACT vo EMPOWER THE TowN CoUNCIL OF THE TOWN OF GEORGETOWN TO GRANT LICENSES TO PERSONS ENGAGED IN LOADING AND UNLOADING VESSELS IN SAID TOWN. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Town Council of Georgetown be, and they are hereby, empowered to grant licenses to stevedores engay:ed in loading and unloading vessels at the port of the said town, and any stevedore who engages in such work without first obtaining a license from said Youncil shall be subject to such penalty as may be imposed by any ordinance or ordinances of said Town Council. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO ESTABLISH BY LAW THE VOTING PRECINCTS IN THE VARIOUS COUNTIES IN THIS STATE.” Section 1. Be it.enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That hereafter at all general elections held in this State, the same shall be conducted at the voting precincts which are hereby fixed by law, in the various Counties, cities, and towns of this State, and the number, location, and names of which said pre- cincts for said Counties, cities, and towns, respectively, are, and shall be, as hereinafter designated, to wit: In the County of Abbeville, there shall be sixteen voting pre- cincts, as follows: Abbeville Court House, Mount Carmel, Wil- lington, Cokesbury, Greenwood, Ninety-Six, Donnaldsville, Due West, Antreville, Child’s Cross Roads, Lowndesville, Magnolia, Long Cane, Cecar Springs, McKittrick’s Mills, and Bradley’s Mill. In the County of Aiken, there shall be eighteen voting pre- cincts, as follows: Aiken: Court House, Graniteville, Langley, Summer Hill, Page and Hankinson’s Store, Silverton Academy, Low Town Wells, Windsor, Montmorenci, Jordan’s Mill, John Hutto’s, H. D. Ott’s, Sally’s Store, Jones’ Cross Roads, Kneece’s Mills, Creed’s Store, Miles’ Mill, and Fountain Academy. In the County of Anderson, there shall be twenty-two voting precincts, as follows: Anderson Court House, Pendleton, Sandy Springs, Centreville, Bethany, Ball’s Mills, Greenwood, Brushy Creek, Williamston, Belton, Honea Path, Craytonville, Mill- ford’s, Cedar Wreath School House, Dark Corner, Williford’s Store, Brown and Farmer’s Store, G. W. Maret’s Store, George Stevenson’s, Holland’s Store, White Plains, and Pelzer. In the County of Barnwell, there shall be eighteen voting precincts, as follows: Williston, Blackville, Graham’s, Bamberg, Allendale, Baldoc, Millet, Robbins’, Mixon’s Mill, Barnwell, Deer’s Mill, Buford’s Bridge, George’s Creek, Ehrhardt’s Mill, Three Mile, Sycamore, Elko, and Ferrill’s Store. In the County of Beaufort, there shall be fifteen voting pre- cincts, as follows: Beaufort, Port Royal, Grahamville, Belleng- er’s Hill, Mitchellville, Brick Church, Garden’s Corner, Hardee. ville, and Bluffton, Gray’s Hill, Lady Island, Chisolm’s Landing, Old Pocotaligo, Levy’s Cross Roads, and Paris Island. In the County of Berkeley, there shall be twenty-one voting 

precincts, as follows: In Christ Church Parish, Mount Pleasant; in the Parish of St. Thomas and St. Dennis, Muster House and Ben Potter's, (at Half-way Creek); in the Parish of St. James, Santee, Thirty-two Mile House, and Henderson’s Store; in the Parish of St. Stephens, St. Stephen’s Depot, and Gumville; in the Parish of St. John’s Berkeley, Calamus Pond, Black Oak, Strawberry Ferry, Pinopolis, and Biggin Church; in St. An- drew's Parish, Brick Church; on John’s Island, Haut Gap; on Wadmalaw Island, Enterprise Landing; in the Parish of St. John’s Colleton, Camp Ground; on Edisto Island, in the Parish of St. James Goose Creek, Hickory Bend, Cross Roads, Cooper’s Store, Twenty-two Mile House, on the State Road, and Ten Mile Hill. In the County of Charleston, outside the limits of the city of Charleston, there shall be four voting precincts, as follows: Dill’s Blaff, on James Island, McClellansville, and at the nearest available place to the city limits on Meeting street; in the city of Charleston, there shall be eleven voting precincts as follows: Ward 1, City Hall;.Ward 2, Court House; Ward 3, first pre- cinct, Market Hall, second precinct at or near the Palmetto Engine House; Ward 4, first precinct at or near the Hope En- gine House, Archdale street, second precinct at or near the Stonewall Engine House, corner of George and College streets ; Ward 5, at or near the Eagle Engine House, Meeting street; Ward 6, first precinct at or near the Washington Engine House, Vanderhorst street, second precinct at or near the Marion En- gine House, Cannon street; Ward 7, at or near the Ashley En- gine House, Columbus street; Ward 8, at or near the Niagara Engine House, on Spring street. In the County of Jhester, there shall be eleven voting pre- cincts, as follows: Chester Court House, Lowrysville, Fishing Creek Church, Rossville, McAliley's “ill, Carmel Hill, J. E. mony Church. Wiley’s Store, Landsford, Aurora Academy, Richburg. and Har- In the County of Chesterfield, there shall be nine voting pre- cincts, as follows: Chesterfield C.urt House, Cheraw, Steer Pen Spring, Cole Hill, Mount Croghan, Old Store, Jefferson, Hebron Church, and Segar’s Mill. In the County of Clarendon, there shall be nine voting pre- cincts, as follows: Manning, Fulton, Packsville, Calhoun, Jordan, Fork, Witherspoon, Mott’s, and Foreston. In the County of Colleton, there shall be sixteen voting pre- cincts, as follows: Walterboro, Horse Pen, Bell’s Cross Roads, 

Preacher’s Mill, Smoak’s Cross Roads, Snider's Cross Roads, Summerville, Ridgeville, Gloversville, Delmar’s Cross Roads, Jacksonboro, Green Pond, Maple Cane, Adams Run Depot, Reevesville, and George’s Station. In the County of Darlington, there shall be thirteen voting precincts, as follows: Darlington Court House, Timmonsville, Society “Hill, Florence, Mechanicsville, Lisbon, Levensworth, Effingham, Lydia, Hartsville, Gum Branch, James’ Cross Roads, and Cartersville. In the County of Edgefield, there shall be nineteen voting precincts, as follows: Edgefield Court House, Meeting street, Trapp’s Store, Pleasant Lane, Haltiwanyer’s Store, Johnston’s, Halstein’s Cross Roads, Peny’s Cross Roads, Coleman’s Cross Roads, Talbert’s Store, Cheatham’s Store, Qhaw’s Mill, Bout- well’s, Landrum’s Store, Liberty Hill, Red Hill, Mount Willing, Richardsonville, and Trenton. In the County of Fairfield, there shall be ten voting precincts, as follows: Winnsboro, Monticello, Feasterville, Yonguesville, Gladden’s Grove, Durham’s, Ridgeway, Horeb Church, Blythe- wood, and Bear Creek. In the County of Georgetown, there shall be eleven voting precincts, as follows: Georgetown, Sampit, Carver’s Bay, Upper Waccamaw, Lower Waccamaw, Santee, Black River, Pee Dee, Choppee, Grier’s Poll, and Bethlehem Baptist Church, on Sandy Island. In the County of Greenville, there shall be twenty-two voting precincts, as follows: two in the city of Greenville, to be located by the Commissioners of Election, Holly Spring Church, John Charles’, A. W. Ware’s, Sullivan’s Factory, T. Henry Stokes, Old Fairview Academy, Jesse Budetts, Sr., Batesville, Taylor's Station, Double Springs Church, T. J. Mitchell’s, Bates’ Old Field, G. W. Carter’s, John H. Goodwin’s, J. L. Goodwin’s, the Old School House near Lima, Reedy River Church, Piedmont Factory, Gowansville, and Grier’s Station. In the County of Hampton, there shall be twelve voting pre- cincts, as follows: Hampton Court House, Lawtonville, Brun- son, Brighton, Early Branch, Beech Branch, Gillisonville, Nix- ville, Hennis’ Cross Roads, Black Creek, Varnville, and Stafford’s Cross Roads. In the County of Horry, there shall be thirteen voting pre- cincts, as follows: Conwayboro, Socastee School House, Dog Bluff, Muster Shed, Gallivant’s Ferry, Floyd’s Cross Roads, Blanton’s Cross Roads, Bayboro, Round Swamp Store, Little 

River Village Dogwood Neck School House, Martin’s Hill Cedar Grove Church, and Hammondsville In the County of Kershaw there shall be eleven voting pre- cinets, as follows Camden Market House precinct, Rabun’s Cross Roads Boykin’s Steam Mill (Town Creek) chrock’s Mill, Lyzenby, L. L. Clyburn’s Store, Lang Mill, Buffalo, Flat Rock, Liberty Hill, and Shaylor’s Hill In the County of Lancaster, there shall be eight voting pre- «incts, as follows Lancaster Court House, Montgomery's Tradesville, Taxahaw, Dr Cc C. Welsh’s, J. S. McCardell Salem, and Belair. In the County of Laurens, there shall be ten voting precincts as follows: Laurens Court House, Clinton, Reynosa, Dr. W. A Shand’s, Young's Store, Dial’s Church, Tumbling Shoals, Daniel's Store, Mount Pleasant, and Cross Hill In the County of Lexington, there shall be nineteen voting precincts, as follows Lexington Court House Black's Store seesville, Gilbert Hollow, Charles Hutto’s, Williams’, Lang- ford’s Mill, Red Store, Rish’s Store, Casey’s, Arthur's Turn-out. Jefcoat’s Academy, Grange Hall, Spring Hill, Kiford’s Store John Minnick’s Saludaville, Clark’s Mill and Wessenger’s Store In the County of Marion there shall be fifteen voting pre- eincts, as follows: Aeriel, Berry’s Cross Road’s, Mount Nebo, Campbell’s Bridge Hy mensville, Friendship, High Hill, Little Rock, Evergreen, Marion, Mars Bluff, Mullin’s, Old Ark, Stone’s, and Kentyre Church. In the County of Marlboro’, there shall be eight voting pre- cincts, as follows : Adamsville, Clio, Bennettsville, Brownsville, Brightsville, Hebron, Red Bluff, and Smithville In the County of Newberry, there shall be twelve voting pre- cincts, as follows Newberry Court House, Gilson’s Store Giymphville, Maybinton, Cromer’s Store Jalapa, Williams Store, Longshore’s Store, Prosperity, Jolly Street, Dead Fall and Pomaria. In the County of Oconee there, shall be sixteen votin: pre- cincts, as follows Walhalla, West Union, High Falls, Salem Little River, Rowland’s, Mrs. Barker’s, Fenton H. Hall’s, Rock Springs, Westminster, South Union, Seneca City, Centre, Holly Springs, Sitton’s Mill, and Fair Play. In the County of Orangeburg, there shall be sixteen voting precints, as follows: Orangeburg Court House, Branchville, Rowesville, Jamison’s, Lewisville Fort Motte, Washington 

Seminary, Evans’ Mills, Zeigler’s, Bull Swamp, Gleaton’s, Cor- bittsville, Easterlin’s, Cedar Grove, which shall be located as heretofore, Ayer’s, which shall be held at or near Ayer’s Shop in Middle Township, and Connor's, which shall be held at or near Connor’s Store, in Cowcastle Township In the County of Pickens, there shall be ten voting precincts, as follows: Easley Station, Central Station, Liberty Station, Pickens Court House, Dacusville, Pumpkintown, Eastatoe Camp Ground Elijah Hinkler’s, Hurricane School House, and Cross Plains, in Easley Township In the County of Richland, there shall be twelve voting pre- cincts, as follows: Eastover, Gadsden, Hampton Mill, Horrell’s Hill, Davis’, Killian’s, Camp Ground, Garner's, City of Colum- bia, ‘Ward 1, Ward 2, Ward 3, Ward 4. In the County of Spartanburg, there shall be thirty-five voting precincts, as follows: Spartanburg Court House, Bivingsville, Pacolet Depot, White Plains, Macedonia Church, Gaffney City, Grassy Pond, J. H. Ezell’s Store, Thorn’s, New Prospect, Cher- okee Springs, McKelvey’s Old Place, Calvin Foster's, Campo- bello, Holly Springs, Duncan’s, Crawfordsville, Reidville, Cash- ville, Woodruff’s Hobby’s, Walnut Grove Hebron, Cross Anchor, Glenn Springs, Ralph Smith’ Old Place, Johnson’s, Wellford, one at the Town of Cowpens, one at Inman, Cannon’s Camp Ground, Fingerville, Boiling Springs, Valley Falls, and Fair Forest. In the County of Sumter, there shall be seventeen voting pre- cincts, as follows Sumter Court House, Nos. 1 and States- burg, Providence, Rafton Creek, Bishopville, Carter’s Crossing, at or near Bethel Cross Roads, Mayesville, Lynchburg, Shiloh Concord, Privateer, Manchester, Spring Hill, Wedgefield, and Corbett’s Store In the County of Union, there shall be fourteen voting pre- cincts, as follows Union, Cross Keys, Goshen Hill, Fish Dam Santuc, Hugh’s, Kelley’s Mill, Jonesville, Jasper Gibbs’, Glandy- burg Mill Timber Bridge, Draytonville, Wilkinsville, and Sarrett’s Store In the County of Williamsburg, there shall be seventeen voting precincts, as follows Anderson’s, Sutton’s, Gourdin’s, Greeley- ville, Salter’s, Kingstree, Cedar Swamp, Cade’s, Black Mingo Indian Town, Pipkin’s Store, Muddy Creek, Scranton, Prospect Church, Grabam’s Cross Roads, McAllister’s School House, and Midway, the last named precinct to be at or near Harvey Baker's 

In the County of York, there shall be sixteen voting precincts, as follows: Hickory Grove, Black’s Station, Buffalo, (at Moore's Cross Roads,) Clark’s Fork (at McGill's Store), Bethany, Clay Hill, Fort Mill, Rock Hill, Coat’s Tavern, McElwee's Mill, on Fishing Creek, McConnellsville, Blairsville, Bullock Creek Church, Bethel, and Clover Station. Sec. 2. The word precinct in this Act shall be construed to embrace an area sufficient to provide for holding elections for members of Congress and Presidential Electors at different sta- tions from those stations where elections are held for State and County officers. Sec. 3. All Acts or parts of Acts, inconsistent with the pro- visions of this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the ycar of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_— AN ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE RECORDING OF CHATTEL MORTGAGES AND MORTGAGES ON REAL ESTATE IN SEPARATE, SETS OF BOOKS, AND TO PROVIDE FOR THE SEPARATE INDEXING OF THE SAME. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That different sets of books shall be provided by the Clerks and Reg- isters of Mesne Conveyance of the several Counties for the recording of chattel mortgages and mortgages on real estate, in one of which sets all chattel mortgages shall be recorded, and in the other set, all mortgages on real estate shall be recorded. Sec. 2. The Clerks and Registers of Mesne Conveyance of the several Counties shall provide separate indexes for the dif- ferent sets of books provided for in Section 1 of this Act. Sec. 3. It shall be a sufficient record of any chattel mortgages, where the amount secured is not more than one hundred dol- lars, to enter upon an index book to be kept for that purpose by Register of Mesne Conveyance, the names of mortgagor and 

nortgaree, the amount and character of the debt secured. a brict description of chattels pledged, the date of said mortyage land of the maturity of said debt, and the date of presentation of uch mortgage for record; and the fee to be charged by the Register of Mesne Conveyance shall be the same as now pro- vided by law for the indexing of liens on crops for advances tor agricultural purposes. Src. 4. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with the pro- ‘isions of this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To AMEND THE CHARTER OF THE ASHEPOO PHOSPHATE CoMPANY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Ashepoo Phosphate Company shall have power, from time to time, to increase its capital stock to any amount not exceed- ing four hundred thousand dollars, including the present capital stock, whenever a majority of the stockholders present at any general meeting, or the Board of Directors by their authority, shall determine. And such additional stock shall be divided among the stockholders exactly in proportion to their shares in the capital stock of the Company at the time of such increase. But in case any stockholder should not desire to take, or should neglect for one month to take, his or her proportion of such in- creased stock, the same shall be disposed of or allotted among the other stockholders; and books may be opened for the pur- pose of obtaining additional subscribers to such increased stock in such manner as the Board of Directors may deem expedient. And in no case shall the members who are unwilling to take their proportion in such increase be assessed to contribute, or to make up such increase. 

Src. 2. Whenever any such increase of capital shall have been made, as aforesaid, the President and Treasurer shall make affidavit of the fact, and file the same in the office of the Secre- i tary of State, and make publication thereof, once a week for three consecutive weeks, ina newspaper published in the city of Charleston, which shall be legal notice to all persons dealing with said corporation. Sec. 3. The said corporation shall have succession of officers and members, according to the rules and by-laws made or to be made for their government and direction, and shall have power and authority to make by-laws not repugnant to the laws of the land; to have, use, and make a common seal, and the same to alter at will; to sue and sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of law or equity; to purchase, take, hold, sell, and convey, in fee simple, or for less estate, any lands, tenements, or heredita- ments, goods, chattels, rights, and credits, which may be con- nected with, or in any manner conducive to, the purposes for which said Company is established; to dig and mine for carths, marls, rocks, and minerals; to manufacture the same, and such other materials as they may purchase or acquire, into chemi- cals, acids, and fertilizers, on the lands near the, city limits now owned and oceupied by them; to carry on trade therein, and to cultivate such lands as may be purchased or acquired by the said Company for the purposes aforesaid. Sec. 4. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof, in an amount, besides the par value of bis share or shares therein, already sub- scribed for or paid in, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, That such demand shall have been payable within one year: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholder liable therefor, shall be commenced within two years after such debt shall have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, Further, That no person holding a share or shares as executor, administrator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon, beyond the value of the estate held by him as such executor, administrator, trustee, orin any other fiduciary capacity. 

Sec. 5. That any Director or other officer or stockholder of the said corporation, who shall knowingly and wilfully make or cause to be made any fraudulent misrepresentation or misrep- resentations, as to either the capital, property, or resources of said corporation, shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by fine of not more than two thousand dollars or imprisonment not longer than two years, or both, at the discretion of the Court. Sec. 6. The said corporation is hereby authorized to construct and maintain a railroad or tramway from the navigable waters on which their works are situate, to the Northeastern and South Carolina Railroads, and for that purpose to lay their tracks along and across any public way: Provided, That such precautions are taken as to offer no hindrance to the public use of such way. Sec. 7. That this charter shall remain in force for thirty years after the passage of this Act, and until the end of the next en- suing session of the General Assembly: Provided, That on the expiration or disolution of said corporation, the property thereof shall be vested in the several members of the said corporation, in proportion to their respective shares in the capital stock, after payment of the debts of such corporation. Sec. 8. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN. ACT To PROVIDE FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF A SPECIAL TAX IN THE CouNnTIES OF HaMPTON AND BEAUFORT, TO PAY THE INDEBTEDNESS OF THE OLD County oF BrEAv- FORT. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- 

sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners of Hampton and Beautort Counties are hereby authorized and required annually to levy a special tax upon all the taxable property of the said Counties of one- half of one mill, to be applied as hereinafter directed Sec. 2. That the Treasurer of Hampton County shall annually pay over the taxes collected by the levy aforesaid, to the Trea- surer of Beaufort County, to be by him disbursed as hereinafter provided Sec. 3. That the Treasurer of Beaufort County, as soon as the tax levies aforesaid have been made and collected at the end of each fiscal year, shall pay out the same pro rata to those creditors of the old County of Beaufort who have had their claims passed and approved by the Commission appointed to investigate the true and bona fide indebtedness of the old County of Beaufort and to those creditors of the old County of Beaufort whose claims arose between the Ist dav of Novembe A. D. 1876, and the first day of November, A. D. 1878, and have been properly audited and approved: Provided, That the County Commission- ers of Beaufort County shall, whenever necessary, prepare for the Treasurer a statement of all claims to be paid under the re- quirements of this Act, and of the amount to which each claimant shall be entitled out of the funds which shall at the end of each fiscal year be in the Treasurer’s hands applicable to the payment thereof. Sec. 4. That the Treasurer of Beaufort County be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay over, upon the ratifica- tion and approval of this Act, the money now in his bands ap- plicable to this purpose, according to the prov isions of the fore- going Section. Sec. 5. That the Treasurer of Beaufort County be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay out of any funds in his hands belonging to the old County of Beaufort, the sum of fifty dollars to each of the Commissioners (or their legal representa- tives), who were appointed to adjust the debt of the old County of Beaufort between the Counties of Beaufort and Iampton Sec. 6. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize the County Commissioners of the aforesaid Counties to levy a tax which, when collected, will exceed the debt of the old County of Beaufort as apportioned to the Countics of Hamp 

ton and Beanfort by the Commission appointed for that purpose by Act of the General Assembly In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To INcoRPORATE THE State Grand Loner OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF BENEVOLENT SOCIETIES oF Sovtu CAROLINA Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa- tives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in Gen- eral Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That E. E. Jen- kins, W. D. Jenkins, J. W. Keith, W. M. Perry, Andrew Orr. C T. Miller, J. C. Jenkins, and their associates and successors in office, be, and they are hereby, declared a body corporate and , politic, by the name and title of the Independent Order ot’ Be- - nevolent Societies of South Carolina; and that they have power ‘by their corporate name and style to sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded, in the Courts of this State ; and shall be en- abled and empowered, in law, to purchase, have, bold, enjoys and possess chattels, lands tSiiwinéiits or real estate of what kind or nature soever, and the same orany part thereof to sell, alien, or convey, at their will and pleasure; and the said corporation shall have power to make and have a common seal with power to change the same at any time, and shall bave power to organize and grant charters to subordinate lodges and shall bave power to make their own constitution and bvy- laws, not inconsistent with the laws of the land Src. 2. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall con tinue of force until repealed In the Senate House, the ninth day of February. in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 Wwavae = 

AN ACT To PREVENT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OK INTOXICATING LIQUORS IN THE TOWN OF CHESTER, IN CHESTER Counry. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act no license for the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors shall be granted by the muni- cipal authorities of the town of Chester, in Chester County. Sec. 2. That any person violating any of the provisions of this Act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of not less than two hundred dollars, or be imprisoned tor a term of not less than six months, or both fined and imprisoned, in the discretion of the Court trying the case. Sec. 3. That this Act shall go into effect immediately after its approval: Provided, That this Act shall not be construed to interfere in any way with licenses that have been already { granted. Sec. 4. That this Act shall not be construed to interfere with the sale of spirituous or intoxicating liquors or bitters prepared with such liquors upon the certificate of a regular practising 4 physician in actual attendance upon a patient; such certificate to contain the name of the patient for whom such prescription is made, and to be filed by the druggist filling the same, and kept for one year subject to the inspection of the Town Council. It shall be unlawful for any physician to give a prescription for any such liquors or bitters prepared with such liquors, except when actually in ona side attendance upon a patient. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To PROVIDE AN ADDITIONAL TRIAL JusTICE FOR Ricu- LAND AND KeErsHaw Counties. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 6 .. 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, Tha immediately after the passage of this Act there shall be ap al in pointed and commissioned for Richland County one Trial Jus- or tice in addition to the number now required by law; the said Trial Justice shall reside at or near Wateree in said County, who shall hold office, have all the powers and duties, and re- ceive the same compensation as now or hereafter may be pro- vided by law for Trial Justices. fal Sec. 2. There shall also be appointed and commissioned one y additional Trial Justice for Kershaw County, who shall reside nin the lower part of Wotern Township, and shall have all the powers and duties, and receive the same compensation as now or hereafter may be provided by law for Trial Justices. Sec. 3. That all Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this #. Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_——. AN ACT To cHARTER THE TOWNVILLE Brancn RAILROAD Com— PANY. ‘Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That oJ. Gains, G. E. Smith, J. L. Farmer, W. C. McCarley, W. K. Sharp, F. L. Sitton, J. B. Sanders, A. R. Boyles, H. W. McCarley, J.C. Hains, H. R. Vandiver, J. B. Brown, N. O. Farmer, J. D. Compton, R. O. Tribble, D. L. Cox, R. A. Matherson, J. C. Cary, J. W. Livingston, M. W. Coleman, 8. R. Johnson, their associ- ates, successors and assigns, be, and they are hereby, constituted a body politic and corporate by the name and style of the Town- ville Branch Railroad Company. Sec. 2. That said Company shall have power and authority to . build and construct a railroad from Townville, in Anderson County, to the Atlanta and Charlotte Air Line Railroad at a point near Westminster or Seneca City, as the said Company 

may determine, by the most direct and practicable route, to acquire by purchase or otherwise, and to hold, own, possess, and Said Com- sell, or otherwise transfer real and personal estate. pany shall also have all and every other power, authority, 1 privilege, and right, common or necessary to similar corpora- tions, not inconsistent with the laws of this State. Sec. 3. That for the purpose of creating the capital stock of said Company, which shall not exceed one hundred thousand dollars, the said corporation or a majority of them are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon after the passage of this Act as may be deemed advisable, to appoint Commissioners to open books of subscription at such times and places and under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed ; the capital stock of said Company to be divided into shares of twenty dollars each, and the subscription thereto to be payable in money, land, labor, or material necessary.in the construction or equipment of said railroad, bonds, stocks, or other valuable credits, in such man- ner and upon such terms as may be agreed upon between said Company and such subscriber. Sec. 4. That the said Company shall have full power and au- thority to connect with or cross all other railroads, on its pro- posed line, and also to unite on consolidate with other railroads in or out of the State in such manner and upon such terms as may be agreed upon between the companies consolidating : Provided, The same be not inconsistent with the laws of this State. Sec. 5. That whenever the sum of ten thousand dollars shall have been subscribed to the capital stock of' said railroad, it shall be the duty of the corporators herein above named, or a majority of them, to call a meeting of the stockholders at Town- ville, in the County of Anderson, after thirty days’ public notice, to organize said Company; and said stockholders shall then and thereafter have power to organize the said Company by elect- ing from among their number ten Directors, who shall imme- diately after their election choose one of their number for President of said Company; and the term of office of the President and Directors of said Company shall be one year and until their successors shall thereafter be elected. Sec. 6. No person shall be eligible to the office of Director in said Company who does not own five shares of the capital stock of the same; and no person shall be entitled to any compensa- tion for representing a township at any meeting of the stock- 4 holders of said Company. 

Sec. 7. It shall be the duty of the President and Directors of said Railroad Company, and all officers of the same, to render fan account of the affairs of the same to the stockholders at ileast once a year, and as often as they may be required. by said stockholders ; and the same shall be published in one or more newspapers of the State. Sec. 8. The President and Directors of said Company shall (not have power to contract any debt for said Company until they shall have first been authorized by the stockholders in general meeting. Sec. 9. That said Railroad Company shall be subject to the provisions of an Act entitled “An Act to declare the manner by which the lands or the right of way over the lands of per- sons or corporations may be taken for the construction and uses of railways and other works of internal improvement,” ratified on the 22d day of September, 1868: Provided, That. nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to exempt the Com- pany from the payment of taxcs. Sec. 10. That the said railroad shall be commenced within ten years, and completed within twenty years from the passayve of this Act. Src. 11. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall continue in force for the term of thirty years from the date of its approval. —_———. AN ACT To AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT TO AMEND AN ACT ENTITLED ‘AN ACT TO REGULATE THE COSTS OF PLAINTIFFS AND DEFENDANTS’ ATTORNEYS, AND THE COSTS AND FEES OF CLERKS or Courts, Propate JupGes, SHERIFFS, TRIAL JUSTICES, AND OTHER OFFICERS HEREIN MENTIONED,’ APPROVED FEBRUARY 20TH, 1880.” Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sontatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That «Section two of an Act entitled “An Act to amend an Act en- titled ‘An Act to regulate the costs of plaintiffs’ and defendants’ attorneys, and the costs and fees of Clerks of Courts, Probate Judges, Sheriffs, Trial Justices, and other officers herein men- tioned, approved February 20th, 1880,” be amended by strikiny out all of said Section after the words “three dollars” on the 17th line thereof. And that Section 3 of the said Act be 

amended by striking out all after the words “one dollar” on the 11th line thereof. Sec. 2. That the following be made an additional Section to the Act: “That in cases of equitable relief there shall be allowed to the plaintiffs’ and defendants’ attorneys the following costs: To plaintiffs’ attorneys, for issuing summons and complaint on the equity side of the Court, and necessary exhibits, twenty dol- lars; if for the partition of real estate valued at or sold for one thousand dollars, or less, only ten dollars, to be charged for the summons, complaint, and exhibits; briefs for Circuit Judge, five dollars; special matter and argument on trial in Circuit, five dollars ; for the appointment of a guardian or guardians ad Nitem for an infant, ten dollars; one attorney representing all the infants in a cause to charge only ten dollars for the appoint- ment of a guardian ad litem for them; for exceptions to Clerk's, Master’s, or Referee’s Report, five dollars; for each day attend- ing before Clerk, Master, or Referee on reference, five dollars ; and for every commission to examine witnesses or cross inter- rogatories, or for issuing writ of partition, eight dollars. To the defendants’ attorney, for answer and necessary exhibits on the equity side of the Court, twenty dollars; briets for Circuit Judge, five dollars; special matter and argument on trial in Circuit, five dollars; each day’s attendance on reference before Clerk, Master, or Referee, five dollars; exceptions to Clerk's, Master’s, or Referee’s Report, five dollars. The following costs shall be allowed in all classes of cases, legal or equitable: For the plaintiffs’ or defendants’ attorneys, for making and serving ; a case or cases containing exceptions, ten dollars ; for procuring | an order of’ injunction, five dollars; on appeal to the Supreme’ Court, fifteen dollars; on argument in Supreme Court, twenty dollars. Sec. 3. That there shall be allowed to plaintiffs’ attorney for proceedings in cases where the summons is served by publica-¢ tion, four dollars; and for each necessary copy complaint served, where there is more than one defendant, two dollars. Sec. 4. That hereafter Constables shall be allowed the same costs for summoning a witness in a criminal case as in a civil case; and for summoning jurors in civil or criminal cases, ¢ twenty cents each. Sec. 5. That Trial Justices shall be allowed for taking a bond q in an action for claim and delivery of personal property or inj attachment proceedings, fifty cents: for making transcript of judgment to office of Clerk of Court of Common Pleas, twenty- 

five cents ; and for making returns on appeal from judgment of Trial Justice in criminal actions, seventy-five cents. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. — AN ACT To AUTHORIZE AND EMPOWER THE County CoMMISSION- ERS FOR GREENVILLE CouNTY TO PROVIDE FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PAST INDEBTEDNESS OF SAID CounNTY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the County Commissioners for Greenville County be, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to borrow a sum or sums fof money not exceeding in the aggregate the sum of two thou- sand dollars to pay the indebtedness of said County. Sec. 2. That the amount so borrowed by them shall be turned ‘over to the County Treasurer for said County, to be by him disbursed upon the checks of the County Commissioners. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker prouse of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. — AN ACT TO RAISE SUPPLIES AND MAKE APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR COMMENCING NovEMBER 1, 1881. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a tax of four mills and three-quarters of one mill, exclusive of 

the public school tax hereinafter provided for, upon every dol- lar of the value of all taxable property of this State, be, and the same is hereby, levied for the purpose of meeting appropri- ations to defray the current expenses of the Government for the fiscal year commencing November 1, 1881, and to meet such other indebtedness as has been or shall be provided for in the several Acts and Joint Resolutions passed by the present ses- sion of the General Assembly providing for the same. Sec. 2. That a tax not to exceed three mills upon every dollar of the value of all taxable property in each of the Counties of this State, except in the County of Anderson, where it shall be two and one-half’ mills, and except in the County of Charleston, which shall be two mills and three-fourths of one mill, to be ap- plied as follows: One mill of the tax as hereinbefore provided, to be levied for County purposes, sball be set apart and kept separate by the County Treasurer for the payment of Court expenses, to wit: dieting prisoners, pay of jurors and constables in attendance on the Court, witnesses in State cases, accounts ot the Clerk of Court and Sheriff; and the County Treasurer, in each of his reports to the County Commissioners of funds in his hands, shall specify the amount in his hands for Court ex- penses ; and the County Commissioners are hereby forbidden to draw checks on this fund for any other purposes until said Court expenses shall have been fully provided for; that the remainder of the tax levied for County purposes, and any residue of the said appropriation for Court expenses, shall be appropriated to the other ordinary County expenses, including therein the pay- ment of two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500), if so much be necessary, to defray one-half of the cost of constructing a noiseless roadway on the south and east sides of the County Provided, That the Court House in the city of Charleston: remaining half of said cost shall be defrayed by the City Council of Charleston. The said appropriation for ordinary County expenses, excepting the Court expenses as above provided, shall be paid without any preference whatever, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding and in the County of Clarendon, which shall be four mills and one- half of one mill; and in the County of Barnwell, which shall be two mills and three-fourths of one mill; and in the County of Edgefield, which shall be three mills and one-half of one mill; and in the County of Lancaster, which shall be four mills; and in the County of Greenville, which shall be three mills and one- fourth of one mill; and in the County of Georgetown, which 4 

shall be four mills; and in the County of Lexington, which shall be two mills and one-fourth of one mill; and in the County of Orangeburg, which shall be three mills and one-half of one mill, out of which shall be paid three hundred dollars, the salary of the stenographer of the First Judicial Circuit; and in the County of Spartanburg, which shall be two mills and one-half of one mill; in the Counties of Union and Sumter, which shall be two mills and one-half of one mill; and in the County of Williamsburg, which shall be four mills—be, and the same is hereby, levied for County purposes, for the fiscal year com- mencing November 1, 1881: Provided, That in the following named Counties an additional tax shall be, and the same is hereby, levied, in the manner and for the purposes herein named: In the County of Abbeville, one mill and one-half of one mill, for deficiencies. In the County of Aiken, one-half of one mill, for past . in- debtedness. In the County of Barnwell, three-fourths of one mill, for de- ficiencies of the fiscal years 1880-81; the excess, if any, arising therefrom, to be used for County purposes. In the County of Beaufort, two mills, for building a Court House, as required by an Act passed at this Session ; one-half of one mill for past indebtedness of old Beaufort County ; one-half of one mill for past indebtedness of Beaufort County, for the fiscal years commencing 1st November, 1878, and ending No- vember 1, 1881; and one mill for building bridges during the fiscal year ending November 1, 1882. In the County of Charleston, one mill and one-eighth of one mill, the proceeds of three-fourths of one mill whereof, if so much be necessary, to be appropriated to the payment of the instalments falling due during the current fiscal year on the funded debt of the said County ; the proceeds of one-fourth of one mill whereof, if so much be necessary, to be appropriated as fol- lows: the sum of thirty-five hundred dollars to be paid to meet the deficit in the cost of the improvements already made and in progress of immediate completion, in the indexes and records in , the office of the Register of Mesne Conveyances for said County, fthe payment of said sum to be made by and with the consent in writing of the Commissioners appointed under the provisions of the Act entitled “An Act to raise supplies and make appropria- tions for the fiscal year commencing November 1, 1879,” approved 24th December, 1879; and the sum of twelve hundred dollars to 

be expended in the payment of the salary of the stenographer of the First Circuit, said amount being the portion of such sal- ary assumed by the County of Charleston, for services rendered The sum of in said County from the first day of February, 1882 three hundred and fifty dollars, to be paid to the present Board of County Commissioners of said County, as a compensation for their services and expenses in ascertaining and registering the amount of unpaid school claims outstanding against said County ; the proceeds of one-cighth of one mill whereof to be appropri- ated for the use of the militia in said County, which levy of one-eighth of one mill is to be made and the proceeds thereof expended under the provisions of an Act entitled “An Act to provide for the government, discipline, and organization of the militia of this State, and to reduce all Acts in regard to the same into one Act.” That all balances in the hands of the Treasurer of said County heretofore appropriated for any pur-) poses whatsoever, and not yet expended, shall be applied to the’ payment of the deficiencies of the past fiscal year, and to the payment of any claims of any fiscal year since the fiscal year commencing November 1, 1879, which latter claims could have been paid out of any funds which have been diverted to and used in the reduction of the funded indebtedness of said County In the County of Chester, five mills for railroad tax In the County of Chesterfield, two mills for past indebtedness In the County of Colleton, one-fourth of one mill for past in- debtedness, one mill for deficiencies, and one mill for roads and bridges In the County of Clarendon, one mill for past indebtedness and one-half of one mill for purchasing a fire-proof safe for the office of the Clerk of Court In the County of Darlington, one mill and one-fourth of one mill to be applied pro rata to all valid past indebtedness of said County, without regard to any previous glassification of such indebtedness, any law to the contrary notwithstanding: Pro- vided, That the County Commissioners of the said County shall first apply the proceeds of liquor licenses received during the current year to the indebtedness of the past fiscal year remain- ing unpaid, and the balance thereof to the past indebtedness of said County as aforesaid In the County of Edgeficld, one-half of one mill for past in- debtedness, and one mill and one-half of one mill for deficiencies of 1878-79, 80-81. In the County of Fairfield, one mill and one-half of one mill for special school tax in Mount Zion Township 

In the County of Georgetown, one mill and one-half of one mill for past indebtedness, and ‘one mill to. pay deficiencies of 1879-80, and for repairs to Court House and jail: as recom- mended by final presentment of Grand Jury, November terin 1881 In the County of Hampton, one-half of one mill for past in- debtedness of old Beaufort County, and one mill and one-half of one mill for past indebtedness of Hampton County. In the County of Kershaw, two mills for past indebtedness, and one mill for past school indebtedness. In the County of Lancaster, four and one-half mills for rail- road tax In the County of Laurens, two-thirds of one mill for building bridges, and one-third of one mill for deficiencies In the County of Marion, one-half of one mill for Past in- debtedness. In the County of Marlboro, one mill and one-half of one ‘mill for Court House bonds, to pay interest and retire one-tenth of same (interest to be preferred), and one mill and one-half of one mill for deficicncies and past indebtedness, any excess from any of the foregoing levies tu be applied to purchase of oor House Farm. In the County of Newberry, one mill for the payment of the funded indebtedness of said County, as provided for by Act of the General Assembly, and one-half of one mill for funded school indebtedness, and one-half of one mill to pay the deficiencies for the fiscal year ending October 31st, 1881, and one-eighth of one mill for the payment uf the deficiencies, including the unfunded school claim of A. P. Pipher, for any and all fiscal years prior to the fiscal year beginning November Ist, 1881: Provided, however. That should there be an excess in the two last funds over the demands against the same, then it.shall and may be lawful for the County Commissioners of said County of Newberry to apply the surplus to the payment of any other legal demands against the said County. In the County of Oconee, that the County Treasurer of said County be authorized to pay the past indebtedness of said County out of any balance in the Treasury arising from the tax collected to pay for the stock fence under Act for said County of 1880, and the proceeds arising from the sale of the fence built under said Act In the County of Orangeburg, three-fourths of one mill for past indebtedness, and three-fourths of one mill for past indebt- edness of School: Districts 

In the County of Pickens, two mills for past indebtedness. In the County of Richland, two (2) mills for certificates of past indebtedness, as required under the provisions of an Act approved December 24th, 1880. In the County of Spartanburg, one-half of one mill for past indebtedness: Provided, That no portion of the amount raised by said levy be applied to the payment of any past indebtedness accrued on uccount of the probate of jurors’ or witnesses’ certi- ficates, or other accounts in the Courts of Trial Justices in said County: Provided, also, That all audited claims of the amount of five dollars or less shall be paid in full, and claims for greater amounts than five dollars to be paid pro rata, and one mill for sinking fund to retire bonds. In the County of Sumter, two mills for indebtedness of said County prior to November 1, 1879. In the County of Union, one mill for the payment of past in- debtedness, three and one-half mills to pay interest on railroad coupons, and one half of one mill special tax to build an iron bridge across Pacolet River, at Grindal Shoals, in said County. In the County of Williamsburg, two mills for past indebtedness. Sec. 3. The Board of Directors of the State Penitentiary are hereby directed to pay into the Treasury at the end of each q month, or within five days thereafter, all amounts received by | ti them from the hire of convicts and from other sources, after] first paying the necessary expenses of the said institution and all other disbursements authorized by law; the said amounts so paid in to the Treasury to be held subject to the warrants of the Comptroller General to pay the amounts appropriated by the General Assembly in the same manner as with other funds in the Treasury. Sec. 4. That all the proceeds of the taxes levied for and on account of the State, as specified herein, shall be deposited and kept by the State Treasurer in such bank or banks, or places of 4 special deposit, in the cities or towns of this State, as, in the judgment or discretion of the Financial Board of the State, shall afford sufficient protection to the interest of the State. Sec. 5. That the County Auditors and County Treasurers of the several Counties of this State are hereby required, under, the direction and supervision of the Comptroller General, toc make collection of the taxes levied under and pursuant to the’ provisions of this Act, in the manner and at the time, and under the conditions hereinafter to be provided; and they are hereby forbidden to collect any other tax (except the taxes to mect the 

interest and retire the bonds issued by Counties in aid of rail- roads, or taxes voted by towns, Counties, or townships as sub- scriptions to railroads, and taxes to build fences under the Statutes, and except also the special school tax authorized to be levied in any of the school districts of this State) whatsoever levied for the fiscal year, unless herein expressly authorized so to do; and any State or County officer who shall fail to comply f wilh, or shall evade, or attempt to evade, the provisions of this Act, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by fine of nut less than one thousand dollars, nor more than five thousand dollars, and by imprison- ment in the Penitentiary for a period of not less than one year nor more than five years. Sec. 6. That there shall be assessed upon all taxable polls in this State, a tax of one dollar on each poll, the proceeds of which tax shall be applied solely to educational purposes. Every male citizen between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years, except those incapable of earning a support from being maimed, and except those who are now exempt by law or from any other cause, shall be deemed taxable polls ; and should any person fail or refuse to pay said poll tax, he shall be guilty of a misde- meanor, and on conviction thereof before any Trial Justice or other Court having jurisdiction of the same, shall be punished by a fine which shall not exceed ten dollars, together with the costs of said suit, or by imprisonment in the County jail for a period not exceeding thirty days. Sec. 7. That all taxes assessed and payable under this Act, shall be paid in the following kinds of funds and no other: Gold and silver coin, United States currency, National Bank notes, and coupons which shall become payable during the year 1882, on the valid consolidated bonds of this State, known as “Brown Bonds”: Provided, however, That jury certificates and the per diem of State witnesses in the Circuit Courts, shall be received for County taxes, not including school taxes. Src. 8. That all taxes assessed herein shall be due and pay- able in two equal instalments, as follows: The first instalment, shall be due and payable from the first day of May to the first day of June, 1882, and the second instalment shall be due and payable from the fifteenth day of September to the thirty-first day of October, 1882: Provided, That it shall be, and is hereby, left to the option of any person either to pay the amount of the first instalment at the time first mentioned, or to pay the whole amount at the time of the payment of the second instalment 

thereof: Provided, further, That if any person or persons shall fail or refuse to pay his or her taxes due under the first instal- ment, he, she, or they shall be charged with a penalty of five per centum on the first instalment, which penalty shall be added ; and the several County Treasurers shall collect the same in the manner prescribed by law, and give receipts therefor to the several parties paying the same, in which the real estate paid on shall be briefly described, and the value of the personal property paid on shall be stated, together with the time such taxes are paid, and the amount of the same: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall operate to prevent the payment of the whole amount of his or her tax at the time the first instalment is payable. Sec. 9. That the County Treasurers, immediately upon re- ceipt of the tax duplicate for the year from the County Auditor, shall cause a notice to be inserted twice in one daily news- paper published at the County seat of his County; andif no daily paper be published at the County seat of his County, then in one weekly paper published in such County, and if no paper be published in the County, then such notice shall be given in such manner as the County Treasurer may direct, stating the rate per centum of the levy for State purposes, and the rate per centum for all other purposes on the duplicate of the present year; and if any special levies have been made on the property of a school or other district not affecting an entire County, the total rate of levies in such districts shall also be stated.in such notices. 

assessments hereunder; and at any time after any taxes or assessments shall become due, according to the provisions of this Act, the County Treasurer, by himself or deputy, may dis- train sufficient personal property of the party against whom such taxes or assessments are charged, if the same can be found in his County, to pay the taxes or assessments so due, with any penalty charged or chargeable thereupon, and the costs that may accrue, and shall immediately advertise the same in three of the most public places in the town, ward, or district in which such property shall be distrained, stating the time and place in such town, ward, or district, when and where such property will be sold; and if the taxes, and assessments, and penalties for which such property was distrained, together with the costs of the proceedings, shall not be paid before the day appointed for such sale, (which shall not be less than ten nor more than twenty days after posting up such notices of sale,) such Treas- urer, or his deputy, shall proceed at the time and place men- tioned in such notice to sell such property, or so much thereof as may be necessary, at public vendue, to the highest bidder ; and if such property, or a sufficient amount thereof, shall not be sold at the time and place aforesaid, such Treasurer shall re- tain the same in his possession and advertise and offer the same for sale, in manner and form aforesaid, from time to time until the same shall be sold. Sec. 12. That all real property returned delinquent by the County Treasurer shall be sold on the first Monday in February, 1883, after due advertisement, as now provided by law, and thereafter from day to day until the whole amount thereof, as included in the delinquent list, shall have been sold; and except asin this Section provided, the County Treasurer shall. pro- ceed, in reference to the sale of such delinquent real estate, ac- cording to the forms and with the conditions now prescribed and required by law: Provided, That the cost of such advertis- ing shall not exceed twenty-five cents upon each p so advertised. a arcel of land Sec. 13. That the County Commissioners in each of the several Counties of this State shall levy a tax of two mills on the dol- lar upon all the taxable property of their respective Counties, for the support of public schools in their respective Counties, which shall be collected at the same time and by the same offi- cers as the other taxes for this year, and shall be held in the County Treasuries of the respective Counties, and paid out ex- clusively for the support of public schools, as provided by law. 

Sec. 14. That all personal property used in connection with mines and mining claims, and all land not actually mined con- nected with mines and mining claims, shall be assessed for taxa- tion and taxed as is done in the case of all other personal and real estate. That in all cases where land is actually mined, such land shall not be assessed for taxation or taxed, but in lieu thereof the gross proceeds alone of such mines and mining claims shall be assessed and taxed, and such gross proceeds shall be ascertained and determined by the cash market value of the material mined. Sec. 15. That in anticipation of the collection of the taxes herein before levied, the Governor and the State Treasurer be, and they are hereby, empowered to borrow on the credit of the State so much money as may be needed to meet promptly at maturity the interest which shall mature during the year 1882, on the valid consolidated debt of the State: Provided, That the sum so borrowed shall in no event exceed the amount of two . hundred thousand ($200,000) dollars. Sec. 16. That the sum of two hundred and ten 76-100 dollars, standing to the credit of the State Treasurer in banks of de- posit, said or believed to represent checks issued by former State Treasurers prior to 1876, but which have never been pre-! sented to the banks upon which they were drawn, shall be, and} the same is hereby, directed to be placed to the credit of the y general or current fund of the State Treasury on the books of that office, and shall be subject to the draft of the State Treas- urer in payment of general apprupriations. Sec. 17. That the balances of old general accounts, and of specific levies from 1873 to 1876, inclusive, standing to the credit of the State Treasurer in the Central National Bank and in the Carolina National Bank, of Columbia, S. C., be, and the said balances are hereby, directed to be transferred to the credit of f the general or current fund of the State Treasury in the afore- said banks, and shall be subject to the draft of the State Treas- urer in payment of general appropriations. Sec. 18. That this Act shall take effect from and immediately el after its approval. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. 

AN ACT T0 PROVIDE FOR THE COMPENSATION OF A TRIAL JUSTICE AND CONSTABLE STATIONED AT OR NEAR THE PHOSPHATE MINES IN CHARLESTON CounNrTY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the purpose of preserving the peace and of repressing crime in that portion of Charleston County in which the phosphate mines are situate, ard in which large bodies of laborers are em- ployed in mining, the Trial Justice appointed for the late Parish of St. Andrew’s, shall locate his office at some point nearsaid mines. Sec. 2. That the salary of the said Justice shall be one thou- sand dollars, of which one hundred dollars shall be paid out of the general funds of Charleston County, and nine hundred dol- lars shall be paid by a special tax to be levied by the County Commissioners upon the persons engaged in mining phosphate rock on lands situate in or near said Parish of St. Andrew’s and to be apportioned among such persons in the proportion of the amount of said phosphate rock returned by them fur taxation by the State, and of the value of lands containing such rock. Sec. 3. That the said Trial Justice shall appoint an additional Constable besides the one now provided by law, who shall re- ceive an annual salary at the rate of one hundred dollars per annum, to be paid in the same mode and by the same tax as heretofore provided for the extra salary of said Trial Justice. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and A J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ns AN ACT To PREVENT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS OR INTOXICATING LIQUORS WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE TOWN OF GREENWOOD, ABBEVILLE CoUNTY, OR WITHIN TWO MILES OF THE SAID CORPORATE LIMITS. . Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That the Intendant of Greenwood, on the first Tuesday in every December, shall order an election (ten days’ notice of which shall be given) upon the question of “license” or “no license” tor the sale of intoxicating liquors in said town; and if two- thirds of the qualified electors of said town shall vote for license, then the succeeding Council of said town shall grant such license as they deem best in accordance with the laws now of force in this State for the sale of intoxicating liquors. If two-thirds of the qualified electors at such election shall not vote for license, then the succeeding Council shall not grant any license. Src. 2. That any person or persons violating the provisions of this Act, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less than two hundred dollars, or imprisoned not less than three months, or both fined and imprisoned in the discretion of the Court. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF SHILOH. IN SUMTER County. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, all citizens of this State who have resided twelve months within the State and sixty days in the town of Shiloh, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be. a body politic and corporate, and the said town shall be called and known by the name of Shiloh, and its cor- porate limits shall extend one mile north and south from the site of Shiloh Church, one-quarter of one mile east and west of the public road running north and south by said church. Src. 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States, and who shall have resided within the said town for sixty days 4 

immediately preceding their election, who shall be elected on the first Tuesday in April in every year, ten days’ notice of such election being previously given; and that all the male in- habitants of said town who have attained the age of twenty-one years, and who have resided therein sixty days, and in the State twelve months next preceding said election, shall be entitled to vote for said Intendant and Wardens, the election to be held from seven o’clock in the morning until two in the after- noon; and when the polls shall be closed, the Managers shall declare the election, and give notice thereof in writing to the persons elected; and that the Intendant and Wardens for the rtime being, shall appoint three Managers to hold the ensuing election: Provided, That the Managers for the first election shall be citizens of said town appointed by the Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas for Sumter County. That the Intendant and Wardens elect, before entering upon the duties of their offices, shall take the oath of office prescribed by the Constitution of the State, and also the following oath, to wit: “As Intendant (or Warden) of the town of Shiloh, I will equally and impar- tially, to the best of my skill and ability, exercise the trust reposed in me, and will use my best endeavors to preserve the peace, and carry into effect, according to law, the purposes of my appointment. So help me God.” Sec. 3. That in case of a vacancy in the office of Intendant or any of the Wardens, by death, resignation, removal from office, or absence from the State, an election shall be held by the ap- pointment of the Intendant, or Wardens, as the case may be, and that said Intendant shall give ten days’ previous notice of such election; and in case of sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant, the Wardens forming a Council shall be em- powered to elect one of themselves to act as Intendant during the time. a Sec. 4. That the Intendant and Wardens duly elected and d qualified, shall, during their time of service, severally and re- br spectively be vested with all the powers of the Trial Justice of a this State, within the limits of the said town, for violation of the “ ordinances of said town; and the Intendant shall and may, as often as may be necessary, summon the Wardens to meet in Council, any two of whom shali, with the Intendant, or any i. three Wardens, constitute a quorum to transact business, and they shall be known by the name of the Town Council of Shi- ,loh; and they and their successors in office may have a common seal, and shall have the power and authority to appoint from 

timo to time such and so many proper persons to act as Mar- shals within their jurisdiction according to law, as they shall deem expedient and proper. which Marshal shall have all the powers, privileges, and emoluments, and be subject to all duties, penalties, and regulations provided by the laws of the State for the office of Constable. And the Intendant and Wardens shall have full power to make and establish all such rules, by-laws, and ordinances respecting the roads, streets, markets, and police of said town as shall appear to them necessary and requisite for the security, welfare, and convenience of said town, or for pre- serving health, order, peace, and good government within the same; and all the by-laws, rules, and ordinanées the said Coun- cil may make shall at all times be subject to revisal or repeal by the General Assembly of this State; and the said Council may fix and impose fines and penalties for the violation thereof, and appropriate the same to the public uses of said corporation: Provided, That no punishment shall exceed fifty dollars or thirty days’ imprisonment. Src. 5. That the Intendant and Wardens of said town shall have full and only power to grant or refuse licenses to practise y any profession or carry on any trade, art, or business within} ] said town limits, and fix the prices thereof: Provided, That the price of such license shall not exceed five dollars, and in no in- stance shall the price of a license to retail spirituous or malt liquors, wines, or cider, be fixed at a less sum than twenty thousand dollars ($20,000.00); and all moneys paid for licenses and for fines and for forfeitures for retailing spirituous liquors, keeping taverns and billiard tables within the said limits with- out licenses, shall be appropriated to the public uses of said town: Provided, That the Intendant and Wardens, duly elected and qualified, shall not have power to grant any license to keep a tavern or retail spirituous liquors to extend beyond the term for which they have-been elected. Src. 6. That it shall be the duty of the Intendant and War- dens to keep all roads, streets, and ways within their corporate limits open and in good repair. They shall have power to com- pound with all persons liable to work the streets, ways, and roads of said town. Sec. 7. The said Town Council shall have power to regulate sales at auction within the limits of said town, and to grant licenses to auctioneers: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to sales by Sheriff, Clerk of Court, Judge of Pro- bate, Coroner, executor, or administrator, assignee in bank- 

ruptey, or by any order or decree of any Court, Trial Justice, or any inferior Court. »o Sxc. 8. They shall have, also, power to impose an annual tax , not exceeding ten cents on every hundred dollars of the assessed value of real and personal estate lying within the corporate Pf limits of said town, the real and personal estate of churches and school associations excepted. The said Council shall have power to enforce the payment of taxes levied under authority of this Act, against the property and person of all defaulters, to the same extent and in the same manner as is provided by law fo the collection of general taxes, except that executions to en- force the payment of the town taxes shall be issued under the seal of the corporation, and directed to the town marshal or other person especially appointed by the Town Council to col- slect the same. All fines, forfeitures, and penalties imposed by -said Town Council may be enforced as the collection of fines is “enforced, or by an alternative of imprisonment and labor upon the public streets, not exceeding as many days as there are dol- lars of the fine. a Src. 9. That the said Town Council shall have power, with ; the consent of the adjacent land owners, to close all such roads, ‘streets, and ways, within the town, as they shall deem necessary, by the sale of the freehold therein, either at public or private sale, as they may adjudge best for the interests of the said town; and they shall have power to lay out, adopt, open, and keep in repair, all such new streets, roads, and ways, within the town, as they may deem necessary for the improvement and convenience of the said town: Provided, That no new street, road, or way shall be opened without first having obtained the “eonsent of the land owner or owners through whose premises any such new street, road, or way may pass. Src. 10. That the said Town Council shall have power to es- tablish a guard-house, and to prescribe by ordinance suitable “rules and regulations for keeping and governing the same; and until such guard-house shall be established, they shall be au- thorized to use a room in the County jail of Sumter County for the confinement of all persons who may be subject to be com- «mitted for violation of any ordinance of the town, passed in conformity to the provisions of this Act; and the said Town Council may, by ordinance, or the said Intendant and Wardens in person, any one or more of them, authorize and require any marshal of the town, or any constable specially appointed for the purpose, to arrest or commit to said guard-house, or jail o 

Sumter County, as the case may be, fora term not exceeding forty-eight hours, any person or persons who, within the corpo- rate limits of said town, may be engaged in a breach of the peace, any riotous or disorderly conduct. open obscenity, public drunkenness, or in any conduct grossly indecent or dangerous to the citizens of the said town, or any of them; and it shall be the duty of the marshals to arrest and commit such offenders, when required to do so, who shall have power to call to their assistance the posse comitatus, if needs be, to aid in making such arrests ; and upon failure of the town marshals to perform such duty, if required, they shall severally be subject to such fines and penalties as the Town Council may establish ; and all persons so imprisoned shall pay the costs and expenses incident to their imprisonment, which said costs and expenses shall be collected in the same manner as provided by this Act for the collection of fines imposed for violation of ordinances: Provided, That such imprisonment shall not exempt the party from the payment of any fine the Council may impose for the offence for which he may have been committed. And all per- sons summoned as the posse comitatus refusing to obey the sum- mons, or who shall act in a careless, negligent, or inefficient man- ner, so as to enable or allow violations of the peace, or individ- uals to escape, shall incur all the penalties now fixed by law for such as refuse to obey the summons of the sheriff or constable witnesses. in like cases; and shall have power to compel the attendance of Sec. 11. That the said Town Council shall have the power to collect the taxes from all persons representing, publicly, within the corporate limits, for gain or reward, any plays or shows of any kind whatsoever, to be used for the purpose of said town, and shall have power to compel the attendance of witnesses. Sec. 12. That the said Town Counsel shall have the power to abate all nuisances within the corporate limits, and also to ap- point a Board of Health of said town, and to pass such ordin- ances as may be necessary to define the duties and powers of said Board, and to impose fines and penalties,upon the members of said Board for neglect of duty or refusal to serve: Provided, That no fine hereby authorized to be imposed shall exceed the sum of twenty-five dollars ($25.00). Sec. 13. Each Town Council shall, within one month after their term of office expires, make out and return to their suc- cessors, a full account of their receipts and expenditures during their term, and shall pay over all moneys in their possession 

belonging to the corporation, and deliver up all books, records and papers, incidental to their office, to their successors ; and on r failure to do so, they shall be liable to be fined in a sum not ex- “eeeding one hundred dollars ($100.00) to be collected in any pro- per action by the Town Council, and in default of payment, may be imprisoned for one month. Sxc. 14. That for any wilful violation or neglect of duty, mal- ¢feasance in office, abuge or oppression, the said Intendant and Wardens, jointly and severally, shall be liable to indictment in the Court of General Sessions, and, upon conviction, to punish- “ment as prescribed in the preceding Section, besides being liable to damages to any person or persons injured. Src. 15. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and continue in force until amended, altered, or repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —__— AN ACT To cHARTER THE FuTURE Proaress Society, or NEw- BERRY COUNTY, IN THE STATE OF SoutTH CAROLINA. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That David F. Lyles, George W. Starks, Lewis Ducket, John P. Sims, Lafayette H. Sims, Perry W. Greenwood, and Wade M. Morgan, and their associates and successors, be, and they are hereby, constituted and declared a body politic and corporate, under the name and style of the Future Progress Society, of - Newberry County, for the purpose of promoting good morals, enlarging the fund of general intelligence, social improvement; -and elevation of the colored people. Said corporation shall , have power to purchase and hold real estate or personal prop- erty, not exceeding in value the sum of five thousand dollars; and to sell and convey or dispose of the same in any manner whatsoever; and by its corporate name to sue and be sued in any of the Courts of the State, and to make such rules and by- 

laws, not repugnant to the laws of the land, as may be deemed necessary ; to make, use, and keep a common seal, and the same at will to alter; and enjoy every right incident to an incorpora- tion, in respect to the objects and purposes of said Society, not inconsistent with or repugnant to the laws of the land. ‘In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred ana eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To PERPETUATE TESTIMONY IN RELATION TO DEEDS, RELEASES, RECORDS, OTHER PAPERS AND DOCUMENTS, LOST OR DESTROYED. Sgction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, The plaintiff or plaintiffs or any of them in any judgment or decree, the record whereof has been destroyed or abstracted or lost, or his or their personal representatives, or other person or persons claiming under or through them or any or cither of them, or any person whatever having an interest in the preservation of} the evidence of such judgment or decree, may upon notice of not less than twenty-one days, served as summons in actions is now served pursuant to law, upon the defendant or defendants therein, or those upon whom his, her, or their liability has de- volved, or others interested to oppose the application, make ap- plication to the Court in which such judgment or decree was rendered for leave to substitute a new record, and if, upon hear- ing the evidence on each side, the Court is satisfied of the exist- ence and loss of such record; an order for leave to substitute shall be made, conforming as nearly as possible in all respects to the lost, abstracted, or destroyed record; and if it be for the payment of money, the balance due thereon and date of lien, if any, shall be made to appear thereon, and such substituted re-j cord shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes. Src. 2. That uny person interested in the preservation of the 

contents of any deed, release, private writing usually put on record or document alleged to have been lost or destroyed or defective in the record thereof, and desiring to preserve the evidence thereof for any purpose, may by summons and com- plaint as now provided by the Code of Procedure, institute action in the Court of Common Pleas, to perpetuate testimony as to the existence and true contents of the same, in which com- plaint, the defects, if any, complained of in the records, shall be substantially set forth, and to said action all parties interested, or known or supposed to claim an interest in the property to which such testimony may relate, shall be made parties defend- ants and served with summons as now provided by law in civil actions Sec. 3. That the Court or. Judge at chambers having jurisdic- tion of the subject matter, may hear, determine, and grant all orders as will best subserve the purposes of the complaint, and the preservation of the testimony sought without delay Src. 4. The evidence so taken shall be preserved, and the parties may have the same recorded in the office to which the same may relate Src. 5. The evidence so taken, perpetuated, and recorded, shall be received in all Courts, subject to the same rules as to com- peteney and credibility as any other evidence, fae as herein before provided. Sec. 6. Nothing herein contained shall prevent any one from establishing, on the trial of any cause, any lost papers, according to the rules of evidence now existing. Sec. 7. That the costs of such proceedings as shall be had un- der the provisions of this Act shall be in the discretion of the presiding Judge In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor 

AN ACT To INCORPORATE THE TOWN OF DovVESVILLE, IN THE County oF DARLINGTON. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That all persons citizens of the United States who now are, or may hereafter be. inhabitants of the town of Doves’ Depot, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared, a body politic and corporate; and said town shall be called and known by the name of Doves- ville, and its limits shall be deemed and held to be as follows: To extend one-half mile each way towards the cardinal points of the compass from the centre of the crossing of the road that leads to Smith’s mill and the Cheraw and Darlington Railroad track, so as to form a square mile. Sec. 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be elected on the second Tuesday in March, 1882; and on the same day in each and every year thereafter, an election shal] be held for an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States, and who shall have been residents of the said town sixty days next pre- ceding said election, at such place in said town as the Inten- dant and four Wardens shall designate, ten days’ notice thereof being previously given by posting the same at three of the most public places in said town; and that all the male inhabi- tants of the said town of the age of twenty-one years, and who shall have resided therein for sixty days, as hereinbefore pro- vided, shall be entitled to vote for said Intendant and Wardens; and the clection shall be held from 7 o’clock A. M. until 6 o’clock P. M., when the polls shall be closed, and the managers shall publicly count the votes and proclaim the result of said election, and at once give notice in writing to the parties elected as Intendant and Wardens; and that the Intendant and War- dens for the time being shall appoint the managers to hold the ensuing election; that the Intendant’ and Wardens, before entering upon the duties of their office, shall severally take the oath prescribed by the Constitution of the State, and the fol- lowing oath, to wit: “As Intendant (or Warden, as the case may be,) of Dovesville, I will equally and impartially, to the best of my ability, exercise the trust reposed in me, and will use my best endeavors to preserve the peace and carry into So effect, according to law, the purposes of my appointment. help me God.” That the managers of the first election provided 

for in this Act to be held on the second Tuesday in March, 1882, shall be appointed by the Clerk of the Court for Darlington -County; that said managers and all succeeding managers of town elections herein provided for shall, before entering upon the duties of their appointment, severally take an oath to faith- . fully, fairly, and impartially manage such election to the best of his ability: So help me God; which oath shall be filed with the Clerk of the Town Council of Dovesville, and shall be by him kept as a record for the inspection and use of said town. Src. 3. That in case a vacancy shall occur in the office of the .Intendant, or any of the Wardens, by death, resignation, re- moval from town, or from any other cause. an election shall be held by appointment of the Intendant, or Wardens, as the ‘case may be, ten days’ public notice, as aforesaid, being given; and in case of the sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant, the Wardens forming a Council, shall be empowered to elect one of themselves to act as Intendant during such sickness or absence. . Src. 4. That the Intendant and Wardens duly elected and qualified, shall, during their term of office, severally and respec- tively, be vested with all the powers of a Trial Justice and Justice of the Peace in this State (for violations of the ordi- nances of the said town); that the Intendant shall, as often as the occasion may require, summon the Wardens to meet him in | Council, a majority of whom shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and shall be known as the “Town Coun- cil of Dovesville;” and they and their successors in office shall } have a common seal, and shall have power and authority to ap- point or elect a Clerk, whose duties shall be prescribed by the said Council, and whose compensation also shall be fixed and pro- vided for by the said Town Council; they shall also have power and authority to appoint, from time to time, such and so many proper persons to act as marshals and constables, as they shall deem proper and expedient, which officers shall have the right, with or without warrant, to arrest all parties violating the by- laws and ordinances of the said town; and the Intendant and Wardens, in Council assembled, shall have power and authority, under their corporate seal, to ordain and establish all such rules and by-laws and ordinances respecting the streets, ways, public wells, springs of water, markets, and police of said town, and for preserving health, peace, order, and good government within the same, as they may deem expedient and proper; and the said Council may affix fines, penalties, and imprisonment for 

offences against such by-laws and ordinances, and appropriate the same to the use of the corporation: Provided, No fine shall exceed twenty-five dollars, and imprisonment shall in no case exceed five days; and all fines imposed by said Council shall be collected by their marshal, upon execution under the hand of the Intendant, and countersigned by their Clerk, and under the common seal of the Council. Sec. 5. That said Council shall have power to remove or abate nuisances within the limits of said town. Src. 6. That it shall be the duty of the Intendant and War- dens to keep all streets and ways in the limits of said town open and in good order, and for that purpose they are hereby invested with allthe powers and privileges granted by law to the Com- missioners of Roads within the limits of the said town, and for neglect of duty they shall be liable to the same pains and penal- ties imposed by law upon Commissioners of Roads for like neglect; and they are hereby individually exempted from the performance of road and public duty ; and the inhabitants of the said town are hereby exempted from road duty without the limits of the said corporation. Sec. 7. That the said Intendant and Wardens shall have power to‘compound with persons liable to work on the said streets and ways, and to release such persons as may desire it, upon the payment of not more than one dollar per day, to be applied by them to the use of the corporation. Sec. 8. That the said Town Council shall also be empowered to retain, possess, and enjoy all such property as they may be possessed of or which shall hereafter be given, bequeathed to, orin any manner acquired by them ; and to sell, alien, or in any way to transter the same or any part thereof: Provided, The amount of property so held or stock invested shall in no case exceed the sum of twenty thousand dollars: Provided. further, That in case ary property shall be given to said town by deed or will for any specific purpose or purposes, that neither the said | property or its proceeds shall ever be diverted from or applied to any other object than that specified in the deed or will con- veying the same. Sec. 9. That the said Town Council shall have power to im- pose an annual tax upon all personal and real property within the limits of the said town: Provided, Said tax does not exceed » the sum of fifteen cents on the hundred dollars; the said Townt Council shall have power to enforce the payment of' all taxes and assessments, levied under the authority of this Act, against 

the property and persons of. defaulters, to the same extent and in the same manner as is provided by law for the collection of the general State tax, only that executions under the common seal of the Council, signed by the Intendant, and countersigned by the Clerk of the Council, shall be directed to their marshal or other agent specially appointed. Sec. 10. That the said Council shall have power to regulate sales at auction within the limits of said town, and to grant licenses to auctioneers: Provided, That nothing herein con- tained shall be construed to extend to sales by or for Sheriffs, Clerks of Court, Judges of Probate, Coroners, executors, ad- ministrators, assigns, or by any other person under the order of any Court or Magistrate. Sec. 11. That the authority to grant or refuse license to keep a tavern or to retail spirituous liquors within the limits of said ' town be, and the same is hereby, vested in the Town Council of Dovesville. : Sec. 12. That this.Act shall be deemed and taken as a public Act in all the Courts of this State, and shall continue in force for the term of twenty-one years. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —— — AN ACT to cHARTER THE CHESTER AND CAMDEN RatLRoap Company. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Hiouse of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That for the purpose of establishing a railroad from the town of Chester, in Chester County, to the town of Camden, in Kershaw County, a charter, with all the rights and privileges incidental to the same, be, and the same is hereby, granted to J. L. Agurs, A. H. Davega, J. H. Smith, Julius Mills, James Jones, Wm. 8. Hall, W. L. Arthur, J. T. Hay, A. A. Huckabee, and H. T. Carrison, and their associates and successors, who are hereby constituted a 

body politic and corporate, by the name of “The Chester and ’ Camden Railroad Company and shall have a corporate exist- ence for twenty-one years Sec. 2. That the said Company is hereby authorized to construct a railroad from the town of Chester in Chester County, to the town of Camden, in Kershaw County, by such ¢ route as shall be found most aittable and advantageous, they precise line and location to be determined upon by the i incorpo- t rators after the necessary surveys have been made: Provided That work on said railroad be commenced within the period of five years and completed within ten years Sec. 3. That the capital stock of said Company shall be three hundred thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing such capital stock to such an amount as may be found necessary to construct and equip the said railroad, said capital stock to be divided into shares of one hundred dollars each; and for the purpose of raising said capital stock, it shall be lawful to open books of subscription at such time and places, and under the direction of such persons, as may be determined on by a major- ity of said incorporators That subscriptions may be made in labor, material, lands, or money, at such rates, and on such terms, as may be agreed upon at the time of subscription ; and that all amounts so subscribed, either in labor, material, lands or money, shall constitute the joint stock capital for the pur- pose of constructing and carrying into operation the railroad provided for by this Act; and the said Railroad Company shall have power to mortgage its property and franchises, and to issue bonds, on such terms and conditions, and for such uses and purposes of said corporation, as the Board of Directors thereof may deem expedient Sec. 4. That the said Chester and Camden Railroad Company may, at any time during the existence of this charter, effect a consolidation with any other Railroad Company forming a con- tinuousl ine with its own, according to the provisions of Sections 6 to 14, inclusive, Chapter LXV., of the General Statutes Sec. 5. That the said Railroad Company shall be subject to the provisions of an Act of the General Assembly of South 99 1868, entitled “An Act to de- Carolina, passed September os, clare the manner by which lands or right of way over the lands of persons or corporations may be taken for the construction or use of railways and other internal improvements Provided. however, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to exempt the Company from payment of taxes 

Src. 6. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_—_—_ AN ACT To REPEAL AN ACT ENTITLED “AN ACT DIRECTING AND REQUIRING THE PUBLICATION OF MONTHLY STATEMENTS BY THE Strate TREASURER,” APPROVED Marcu 5, 1875. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General As- sembly, and by the authority of the same, That an Act entitled “An Act directing and requiring the publication of monthly statements by the State Treasurer,” approved March 5, 1875, be and the same is hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. —_ AN ACT TO FACILITATE THE SETTLEMENT OF THE ESTATES OF IN- TESTATES. . Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That if, after the expiration of twelve months from the grant of' let- ters of administration on the estate of any person dying intes- tate, it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Judge lof the Court of Probate by which said letters of administra- tion were granted, that the administrator or administrators of 

such estate are unable to ascertain the whereabouts of any per: son supposed to be entitled as distributee of such estate, or whether any person who, if living, would be entitled as dis- tributee of said estate, be dead or not, and that such person has never been domiciled in this State, it shall be lawful for the said Judge of Probate to issue a citation addressed to all persons interested in the said estate as distributees, calling on such per- son whose whereabouts or the fact of whose death is unknown, i his personal representatives or distributees, to be and appear; i before the said Probate Court on a day and at a certain hour toy be specified in said citation, and to show cause why the said ad- ministrator or administrators should not be decreed to distribute said estate as if the said person whose whereabouts or the fact of whose death is unknown, had died before the said intestate and notifying all persons entitled to the said estate as distributee or otherwise, to appear on the day and at the time so to be ap- pointed, before the said Court to intervene for their interest in said estate. That the day fixed in said citation, on which cause shall be shown as aforesaid, shall be the first Monday in the} month, and shall be not less than three months after the date oft said citation That the said citation shall be published once a4 week for six successive weeks in one newspaper published in the County in which said Probate Court is held; the first publi-+ cation of the said citation to be made within ten days after the date thereof; said newspaper to be designated by the said Judge of Probate Provided The said Judge of Probate shal] have right, in his discretion, to order such citation to be published once a week for three successive weeks in one other newspaper , published in such other place as he shall think most likely to give notice to the parties interested in said estate Sec. 2. That the publication of said citation as hereinbefore prescribed shall be proved by filing with the said Judge of Probate copies of the newspapers containing the publication of said citation, and the affidavit of the. publisher or printer of the said respective newspapers Sec. 3. That at the time fixed in said citation for cause to be shown as aforesaid, due proof of publication having been made and filed as hereinbefore required, if no person appear as therein required, the said Probate Court shall decree distribution of said estate to be made as if the person whose whereabouts or the fact of whose death is unknown had died before the intestate, and distribution so made by the administrator or administrators 

shall be a full and complete discharge to the administrator or administrators. Sec. 4. That at the time fixed in the said citation for cause to - be shown as aforesaid, due proof of publication having been made “and filed as hereinbefore required, if the person whose where- abouts or the fact of whose death was unknown, shall appear. all further proceedings shall be discharged: Provided, however. - That if the identity of such person so appearing shall be disputed by the administrator or'administrators or any distributee of such intestate or the legal representatives of any such distributee the said Probate Court shall proceed to hear and determine the said controversy, and if the same be determined against the said person so appearing distribution of the said estate shall be made as prescribed in Section 3 of this Act; but if the same be determined in favor of said party so appearing, he shall be held and deemed to be the person whose whereabouts or the fact of whose death was unknown, such determination in either case however, to be subject to appeal as provided by law in other cases of appeal from the Probate Court. Src. 5. That at the expiration of the time fixed in the said citation for cause to be shown as aforesaid, due proof of pub- lication having been made and filed as hereinbefore required, if any person or persons shall appear claiming to be heir, or dis- tributee, or personal representative of the person whose where- abouts or the fact of whose death is unknown, or otherwise en- titled to his estate, and claiming a distributive share in the intestate’s estate, the said Probate Court shall proceed to hear and determine whether the said person, whose whereabouts or the fact of whose death is unknown, died before or after the intestate, and if the determination be that such person whose whereabouts, or the fact of whose death is unknown, died be- fore the intestate, distribution of such intestate’s estate shall be made accordingly ; but if the determination be that the said person whose whereabouts: or the fact of whose death is un- known died after the death of the intestate, the said distribu- tive share of such person shall be paid and delivered by the said administrator or administrators to the person or persons legally entitled to receive the same, such determination in either case however, to be subject to appeal as provided by law in other cases of appeal from the Probate Court Sec. 6. That nothing herein contained shall debar or prevent any such person whose whereabouts was unknown at the time of the distribution of the said estate as aforesaid, and who shall 

within three years after the distribution of the estate as afore- said, appear and claim his or her suid distributive share as heir at law or distributec, from recovering from the other distributees t between whom the said estate has been divided as’ aforesaid, or¢ any of them, his or her said share, or such portion thereof as; any such distributee may bave received from the said estate, ‘ over and above his or her individual share by reason of the absence of such pérson whose whereabouts was not known at the time of the said distribution. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two., J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. . AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE DISTRIBUTION AND SALE OF TRE GENERAL STATUTES OF THIS STATE. Sxcrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of Suuth Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That when the General Statutes have been completed, with the index thereto, and have been printed in accordance with the direction of the General Assembly, the State Printer shall furnish the en- tire edition, to wit, four thousand of copies thereof, to the Secretary of State, who shall distribute the same as follows: One copy to each officer of the Executive Department for the use of and as the property of his office; one copy to each Clerk ( of the Court of Common Pleas and General Sessions of each County for the use of and as the property of his Court; one copy to each Probate Judge for the use and as the property of his Court; one copy to cach Trial Justice of every County in the State, to be received by them respectively from the Clerks of Court of their respective Counties, to whom they shall re- ceipt for the same, and upon the expiration, from any cause, of their respective terms of office. they shall return to the Clerk of Court of their respective Counties the book of Revised Statutes 35 A&JR 

by them received, and on failure so to do shall pay to said Clerk of Court the original cost of said book, to be used by him in the purchase of a copy to be furnished to the successor of said de- faulting Trial Justice; four copies for the Supreme Court Library ; twenty copies for the Legislative Library for the use of the General Assembly, the said volumes to be bound in calf, and to be kept in the Library, the remainder of the edition to be held by him to be disposed of as hereinafter directed. Sec. 2. Immediately upon the approval of this Act, the Secre- tary of State shall advertise in three daily papers of this State for proposals for selling the General Statutes, and require bids to be put in on or before 1st day of March next, stating the amount of commission charged by and the name of the bidder. He shall open said bids in the presence of the Governor, who shall select the lowest responsible bidder. Src. 3. That when such bidder has been selected, the.Secre- tary of State shall, upon his giving bond in the sum of six thousand dollars, with at least two good and sufficient sureties, conditioned that he will comply with the provisions of this Act, deliver to him the entire edition on hand for sale: Provided, That not more than the actual cost, together with the commis- sions upon the sales, shall be charged for one unbound copy of said General Statutes: Provided, That not more than two vol- umes shall be sold to any one person, and that the same be sold unbound when purchaser requests: Provided, further, That the said bidder shall be also required to place copies of the said volumes for sale at some convenient place, or places, in at least three of the principal cities of the State. Src. 4. The proceeds of sale of said General Statutes shall be paid into the Treasury of the State by the person so elected. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD., Governor. 

AN ACT secuRING CERTAIN PRIVILEGES TO THE MARINE AND River Puospuwate Mining AND MANuFacturing Company, oF SOUTH CAROLINA, UPON CERTAIN CONDITIONS. Wuereas, the Marine and River Phosphate Mining and Man- ufacturing Company of South Carolina, now have, under the grant of this State, the right to dig, mine, and remove phosphate rock and phosphatic deposits from the beds of the navigable waters of the State, and have found it impracticable to dig, mine, and remove such deposit trom the waters of Stono and other rivers, by reason of the depth thereof, without the use of dredges and other machinery of a costly character, requiring large capital; and whereas, the employment of such capital would be unremunerative unless the result of the operation conducted thereby is secured to the said Company: Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That upon the surrender and relinquishment by the Marine and River Phosphate Mining and Manutacturing Company, of South Caro- lina, of the general rights they now possess, duly filed with the Bureau of Agriculture. and upon satisfying the said Bureau that the Company has invested in plant and permanent structures the sum of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) the said Marine and River Phosphate Mining and Manufacturing Company, of South Carolina, shall have, for a term of ten years from the passage of this Act, the exclusive right to dig, mine, and remove phos- phate rock and phosphatic deposits from the waters of Stono River, extending from a line crossing the said river at the en- trance therein of Wappoo Cut, to the sea, including Kiawah, and the outlets of Stono River to the sea. Sec. 2. That as a condition inherent in the grant the said Company shall enter into bond to the State in the penal sum of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), with surety to be approved by the Bureau of Agriculture, for the faithful return monthly of the full number of tons of phosphate rock and phosphatic deposit dug or mined during each month, and for the payment within ten days after the expiration of each quarter of the royalty to be estimated upon crude rock and not upon rock steamed or kiln dried. Sec. 3. That in case the said Marine and River Phosphate Mining and Manufacturing Company shall fail to dig, mine, or remove annually the amount of fifteen thousand tons, and pay 

the royalty thereon, as heretofore provided, that it shall and may be lawful for the Bureau of Agriculture to suspend the operations of this grant until the next ensuing session of the Leg- islature to which it shall report its action and the reasons there- for. Src. 4. Nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the State from regulating the price of royalty to be paid by the said Com- pany on such terms as may be prescribed by Act of the Gen- eral Assembly from time to time: Provided, That a less royalty than one dollar per ton upon the crude rock shall not be charged. nor a greater royalty than twenty-five per cent. of the market value of said crude phosphate rock. Src. 5. That the said Company shall give notice of the ac- ceptance of this Act to the Bureau of Agriculture within three months from the passage thereof, and on failure so to do, the exclusive privileges herein granted shall be and void. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To RE-ENACT AN ACT ENTITLED “AN Act TO FACILI- TATE THE COMPLETION OF THE BLUE RipcE RaiLRoaD,” ap- PROVED Fesruary 20TH, 1880, AND TO EXTEND THE TIME THEREIN GRANTED FOR THE COMPLETION OF SAID ROAD. Sxction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That -an Act entitled “An Act to facilitate the completion of the Blue Ridge Railroad,” approved February 20th, 1880, be, and the same (is hereby, re-enacted, except as to Section 5 of said Act, and the time for the commencement and completion of the work of con- 2 struction under the provisions thereof, be, and the same is here- eby, extended for the period of three years from the date of the passage hereof; and any company completing said road within 

this period, shall be entitled to all the privileges and advantages offered in said Act SEc Nothing in this Ac contained shall have the effect to re-enact so much of the said Act as authorizes the Counties of Anderson and Oconee, and the towns and townships therein, to subscribe to the capital stock of said railroad Company In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand cight hundred and eighty-tw J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor AN ACT To PROHIBIT THE SALE OF SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS, WINE AND BEER IN THE TOWN OF JOHNSTON'S, IN EDGEFIELD County Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, the sale of spirituous liquors of any kind, wine, and beer, in the town of Johnston's in Edgefield County, is hereby prohibited, except by a druggist for medical purposes, upon the written certificate of a physician attending a patient; snd it shall not be lawful for the corporate authorities of said town, or the County Commissioners of Edge- field County, to issue any license for such purpose Sec. 2. That upon conviction of any person who shall violate the provisions of this Act, he, she, or they shall be punished by a fine not less then one hundred dollars, nor more than five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned not less than six months, nor more than one year, at the discretion of the Court: Provided That one-half of the fine so imposed shall go to the informer against the person so convicted. Sec. 3. This Act shall be deemed a public Act, and shall take effect immediately after its approval. 

Sec. 4. That all Acts or parts of Acts inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives “Approval February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ey N ACT To INCORPORATE THE PacoLeT MANUFACTURING Com- PANY Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Joseph Walker, C. E. Fleming. John H. Montgomery, D. E Converse, John B. Cleveland, and Wm. Choice, and their asso- ciates and successors, are hereby made and created a body politic and corporate, under the name and style of the “Pacolet Manufacturing Company,” for the purpose of manufacturing, dyeing, printing, and finishing all goods and textiles made of cotton or wool, or of which cotton or other fibrous articles may form a part, ard for making cotton seed oil, for grinding wheat corn, and other grain, sawing lumber, and for the transaction of all such business as may be connected therewith; and may erect such mills, buildings, machine shops, and other works as may.be required or necessary to carry on such branches of manufacture and business; and may make and procure such machinery tools, and implements as may be required or necessary for the same; and they shall have power to raise by subscription, in shares of one hundred dollars each, a capital of one hundred thousand dollars, with the privilege of increasing the said sub- scription to a capital of five hundred thousand dollars, the con- sent of the majority of the Directors of the said company being first had and obtained before said increase of capital is made. Src. 2. That the said corporation may purchase and hold such real estate, as they may think necessary for their purposes, and such as they may deem it for their interest to take in settlement of any debts due to them, and may dispose of the samc; and may sue and be sued in all the Courts of law and equity, have 

and use a common seal, and make such by-laws and regulations for their government as they may deem proper and necessary, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of this State; and shall have generally all the rights, powers, and privileges in law incident or appertaining to corpo- rations Sec. 3. That said corporation shall not go into operation until the sum of one hundred thousand dollars is subscribed to the capital stock, ten per cent. of which shall have been paid in cash, which subscription and payment shall be certified to under oath of the President and Treasurer of the said corporation, which shall be recorded in the office of the Secretary of State and published in at least two newspapers in the State, one in the city of Spartanburg and one in the city of Columbia; and when these requirements are complied with, the said corpora- tion is authorized to commence operations under this Act, and to call for the payment of all subsequent assessments upon the stock subscribed, in the sums and at such times as the Presi- dent and a majority of the Directors of the said corporation may determine. Src. 4. That the capital stock shall be deemed personal prop- erty and transferable on the books of the said corporation, and no part of the capital stock shall, at any time, or upon any pre- tence whatever, be loaned or divided amongst the stockholders neither shall the capital be withdrawn or divided. amongst the stockholders until all the liabilities of the company are law- fully paid; and no dividends shall be declared except from the net earnings of the Company Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share which he may own or represent at the election of President and Directors and at all meetings of the Company. Sec. 5. That if the proprietor of any share shall neglect to pay the instalments assessed thereon, for the space of thirty days after the time appointed for the payment thereof, the Treasurer of the corporation may, by order of the President and a majority of the Directors, sell at public auction such num- ber of delinquent shares as may be necessary to pay such assessment and expenses of such sale: Provided, That such sale be advertised for three weeks, successively, in some newspaper published in the city of Spartanburg, and a bill of sale by the President of said corporation shall transfer such shares to the purchaser, and entitle him to a certificate thereof: Provided. 

further, That nothing herein shall prevent the collection of the instalments by action at law. Sec. 6. Each stockholder in the said corporation shall be jointly and severally liable to the creditors thereof, in an .amount, besides the value of his share or shares therein, not exceeding five per cent. of the par value of the share or shares held by him at the time the demand of the creditor was made: Provided, also, That proceedings to hold such stockholders liable therefor shall be commenced within two years after such debt may have become due, and whilst he remains a stockholder therein, or within two years after he shall have ceased to be such stockholder: Provided, further, - That no person holding a share or shares as executor, adminis- trator, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity, shall be liable thereon beyond the value of the estate held by him as such ex- ecutor, trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity. Sec. 7. That the said corporation shall be entitled to all the rights, and privileges extended to individuals and associations r of individuals, and of the same rebate of taxes for ten years as is allowed and permitted in accordance with the provisions of an Act entitled “An Act to aid and encourage manufactures,” approved December 20, 1873, and the said provisions are hereby made and declared to be a part of this Act. Sec. 8. That this Act shall be deemed and taken as a public . Act, and shall continue in force for the term of twenty years, and until the final adjournment ‘of the next meeting of the Gen- eral Assembly thereafter. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J.C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. a AN ACT to cHarTer Wysk’s Ferry, across Satupa River, In LExrtnaton CouNTY, AND VEST THE SAME IN JoHN H. Wysr, HIS HEIRS AND ASSIGNS, FOR THE PERIOD OF FOUR- TEEN YEARS. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting 

in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That a public ferry be, and the same is hereby, established and char- tered across Saluda River, in Lexington County, at a point now known as Wyse's Ferry, in Lexington and Saluda townships; and that the said ferry be, and is hereby, vested in John H. Wyse, his heirs and assigns, for the term of fourteen years ; and that the following rates of toll be charged and collected and no more: For wagon drawn by four animals, 50 cents, each way; for wagon drawn by three animals, 40 cents, each way | for wagon drawn by two animals, 30 cents, each way; for wagon drawn by one animal, 20 cents, each way; for each| pleasure carriage or buggy, 25 cents, each way ; for every per son on horseback, each way, ten cents; for every person on foot each way, five cents; for louse horses, mules, cattle, hogs, sheep and goats, each, five cents each way: Provided, however, That no toll or terriage shall be charged for the transportation across said ferry of the following persons: ministers of the gospel, pupils on their way to or from school, voters attending elections, and members of military commands while on duty. Sec. 2. In case where a greater sum is demanded than is pre scribed in the foregoing Section by any person having the management or care of said ferry, the person demanding or col lecting such excessive charge, shall be deemed guilty of a mis demeanor, and upon conviction in any Court of competent juris diction, shall be fined in a sum not less than one hundred dol lars and costs, and not more than two hundred dollars and costs, or be imprisoned in the County jail for a period not less thar ten days nor more than six months. Sec. 3. All Acts and parts of Acts inconsistent with this Ac be, and the same are hereby, repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. D. 1882. Approved February 9th, ~ h OC) Ov, DO 

AN ACT 10 CONFER THE RIGHTS OF LEGITIMACY ON THE CHILDREN or ALBERT Hitt anD ELizaBeTH HILL, oF SPARTANBURG County, SourH CAROLINA. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of Soutb Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That . Angelina Stripling, Montreville Hill, Leonard Hill, Sullivan Hill, William Hill, and Priscilla Walker, children of Albert Hill and Elizabeth Hill, born before the lawful marriage of their said parents, be invested with all the rights and privileges of legitimacy, in the same manner, and to the same extent, as if they had been born in lawful wedlock. Sec. 2. All Acts or parts of Acts conflicting with the provis- ions of this Act are hereby repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J.D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February: 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT To FIX THE COMPENSATION OF MESSENGERS OF ELEC- TIONS, AND FOR ADVERTISING THE SAME IN THIS StTaTE, AND TO MAKE PROVISION FOR THE PAYMENT THEREOF. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That ; the Messengers who may be designated by any of the Boards of H Commissioners, under existing laws, to carry the ballots and the reports of the Commissioners of Election from the several Counties to the city of Columbia, or elsewhere, according to law, shall each be entitled to five dollars, and also mileage at the rate of five cents for every mile travelled on the most direct route going and returning. Sec. 2. That the proprietor or publisher of any public gazette -or County newspaper in this State who may be authorized to publish any notice required by law to be published for any election in the State by the proper Board of Election Commis- 

sioners, shall be entitled to receive compensation for such ad- vertisement at the same rates as are now prescribed by law for legal notices. Sec. 3. That to defray the expenses of clections designated in the foregoing Sections, the Comptroller General be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to draw his warrant on the State Treasurer for the amount of compensation to which any Messenger of Elections, or printer for advertising, may be en- titled under the provisions of this Act, in favor of any such Messenger of Election, or printer, or proprietor of gazette, the same to be paid by the Treasurer out of any balance that may be in the Treasury. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and cighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT TO INCORPORATE THE FLORENCE BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Charles A. Buchheit, A. W. Thomson, S. Phillips, BE. W. Lloyd, W. L. Mellichamp, J. A. Wooten, C. H Newman, E. Crawford, W. E. Pearsall, together with such persons who are or may hereafter be associated with them, be, and they are hereby, de- clared a body politic and corporate, for the purposes of buying and selling real estate and making loans of money, to be secured by mortgage on real estate or pledges of personal security, by the name and style of the “Florence Building and Loan Asso- ciation.” The capital stock of said Association to consist of five hundred shares ; but as soon as two hundred shares are sub- scribed, the Association shall organize and commence opera- tions; said shares to be paid by successive monthly instalments of one dollar on each share subscribed, as long as said Associ- ation shall continue ; the said shares to be held, transferred, as- signed, and pledged, and the holders thereof to be subject to 

such fines, penalties, and forfeitures for default in their pay- ment as the regulations and by-laws of the Association may prescribe. Sec. 2. That the said Association shall have such members and 

ber thereof, shall be deemed a misdemeanor, punishable by fine and imprisonment, or either, at?the discretion of the Court. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. AN ACT proviDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF AN ADDITIONAL Trial JUSTICE FOR CLARENDON CouNTY. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, one Trial Justice, in addition to the three now allowed by law, shall be appointed by the Governor, for Clarendon County, for the period of one year. and no longer; and the said Trial Justice shall reside in the western portion of said County of Clarendon. Sec. 2. That said Trial Justice and his constable shall be paid, respectively, the same salaries as are now provided by law for the Trial Justices and their constables residing in the eastern and westorn portions of said County. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOHNSON HAGOOD, Governor. oe AN ACT to IncorPoRATE THE “Jon? Stock Society or Bary- WELL, SourH CAROLINA.” BecTion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That 

Joseph A. Owens, Jacob Walker, T. P. Owens, and M. B. Cohen, their associates, successots, and assigns, be, and they are hereby, created a body corporate and politic, by the name of the “Joint Stock Society of Barnwell, South Carolina,” and by that name shall enjoy all the rights, privileges, and immunities which are necessary to accomplish the purposes of an associa- ‘tion for the relief of the families or representatives of its de- ceased members. Sec. 2. The said Society may sue and be sued, appear, prose- cute, and defend in any Court or place whatsoever, and shall be 

road from a point at or near McInnis’s Bridge, near the North Carolina line, to Bennettsville. South Carolina. Sec. 2. That to enable said corporation to construct said road, it is hereby granted all the rights and privileges conferred upon it by the provisions of an Act of the General Assembly of this State, entitled “An Act to authorize the Fayettevilleand Florence Railroad Company to extend their road from the North Caro- lina line, near McInnis’s Bridge. to Florence, in this State, and for other purposes,” approved March 17th, 1875 In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand cight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882. JOUNSON HAGOOD, Governor. ny ‘ AN ACT To CHARTER THE TOWN OF WELLFORD IN THE CoUuNTY OF SPARTANBURG AND STATE OF SoutTH CAROLINA. Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passage of this Act, all citizens of this State, having resided sixty days in the town of Wellford, shall be deemed, and are hereby, declared to be, a body politic and cor- porate, and the said town shall be called by the name of Well- ford, and its corporate limits shall extend one mile from the de- pot of the Atlanta and Charlotte Air Line Railway in said town in a direction due north, east, south, and west, and shall include a square formed upon the extremeties of lines so drawn.. Sec. 2. That the said town shall be governed by an Intendant and four Wardens, who shall be citizens of the United States, and shall have been residents of the said town for sixty days immediately preceding their election, who shall be elected on the first Monday in March, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and every year thereafter on the first Monday in March, ten days public notice thereof being previously given; and that all male inhabitants of the age of twenty-one years, citizens of the State, and who shall have resided in the said 

town for sixty days immediately preceding the election, shall be entitled to vote for said Intendant and Wardens. Src. 3. That the election for Intendant and Wardens of the said town shall be held in some convenient house, or some other convenient public place in said town, from seven (7) o’clock in the morning until five (5) o’clock in the afternoon; and when the polls shall be closed. the managers of election shall forth- with count the votes and proclaim the election, and give notice, in writing, to the persons elected. At the first election for In- tendant and Wardens, Messrs. T. E. Moore, 8S. P. Clement, and J.S. Hammond, are hereby appointed to act as managers. The Intendant and Wardens so elected shall appoint three managers to hold the ensuing and any subsequent election. The managers, in each case, shall, before they open the polls for said election, take an oath fairly and impartially to conduct the same; and that the Intendant and Wardens, before entering upon the duties of their respective offices, shall take the oath prescribed by the Constitution of this State, and also the following oath, to wit: “As Intendant (or Warden) of the town of Wellford, I will equally and impartially, to the best of my ability, exercise the trust reposed in me; and I will use my best endeavors to pre- serve the peace and carry into effect, according to law, the pur- pose for which I have been elected. So help me God.” The said Intendant and Wardens shall hold their offices from the time of their election until the first Monday in March ensuing, and until their successors shall be elected and qualified. Sec. 4. That in case a vacancy should occur in the office of Intendant, or any of the Wardens, by death, resignation, re- moval or otherwise, or in any case of a tie in said election, an election to fill such vacancy shall be held, by the appointment of the Intendant and Wardens (or Warden, as the case may be, ) ten days’ public notice thereof’ being previously given; and in case the sickness or temporary absence of the Intendant, the Wardens, forming a Council, shall be empowered to elect one ot their number to act in his stead during the time. Sec. 5. That the Intendant and Wardens duly elected and , qualified shall, during their term of service, severally and respec- t- tively, be vested with all the jurisdiction and powers of Trial rs J ustices and Justices of the Peace, for the violation of the or- dinances of said town only, except the trial of civil cases, and except as it may otherwise be provided in this Act, within the limits of said town; and the Intendant shall and may, as often as he may deem necessary, summon the Wardens to meet in 

Council, any two of whom, with the Intendant, may constitute a quorum to transact business ; and they shall be known by the name of the Town Council of Wellford; and their successors, hereatter to be elected, may have a common seal, which shall be affixed to all the ordinances; and the said Town Council shall have authority to appoint, from time to time, as they see fit, such and so many proper persons to act as marshals or constables as the Town Council may deem necessary and expedient for the preservation of the peace, good order, and police thereof; which persona, so appointed, shall, within the corporate limits of said town, have powers, privileges, and emoluments, and be sub- ject to all the obligations, penalties, and regulations, provided by law for the oftice of constable, and shall be liable to be re- moved at the pleasure of said Council; and the said Town Coun- cil shall have full power to establish, or authorize the establish- ment of the market house in said town. And the said Town Council shall have the full power and authority, under their corporate seal, to make all such rules, by-laws and ordinances respecting the streets, roads, market house, and the business thereof, and the police system of the said town, as shall appear to them necessary and proper for the security, welfare, and con- venience, and for preserving the health, order, and good govern- ment within the same ; and the said Town Council may impose fines for offences against their by-laws or ordinances; but no fines above the sum of twenty dollars shall be collected by the Town Council, except by suit in a Court of competent, jurisdic- tion: And provided, also, That no fine shall exceed fifty dollars ; and, also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Town Council to make any by-laws or ordinances inconsistent with or repugnant to the laws of this State; and all the by-laws, rules, and ordinances, the said Town Council may make, shall at all times be subject to revisal or repeal by the (reneral Assembly of this State. Sec. 6. That the said Intendant and Wardens shall have full power to abate and remove nuisanees in the said town, keep all a roads, ways, and streets within the corporate limits in good re- pair, and for that purpose they are invested with all the powers ¢ heretofore granted to Commissioners of Roads, and shall have full power to classify and arrange the inhabitants of said town liable to street, road, or other public duty therein, and to force the performance of such duty, under such penalties as are now or shall hereafter be prescribed by law: Provided, That the said Town Council may compound with persons liable to perform 4 = 

such duty, upon such terms, and upon the payment of such sums, as may be established by laws or ordinances And pro- y-vided, also, That the individuals who compose the said Town Council shall be exempt from the performance of road duty and the inhabitants of the said town are hereby exempt from road duty without the corporate limits of said town Src. 7. That the authority to refuse or grant licenses to keep 2 billiard saloons and taverns within the corporate limits, be, and ;-the same is hereby, vested in the Town Council of Wellford and they shall also have power to impose a tax on shows or ex- hibitions for gain or reward, and also upon all transient traders within the limits, and all moneys so received shall be appropri- ated to the public use of said corporation Sec. 8. That the said Town Council of Wellford shall have ‘power to arrest and imprison for a space of time not exceeding twenty-four hours, and to fine not exceeding twenty dollars, any person or persons who shall be guilty of disorderly conduct in said town to the annoyance of citizens thereof; and it shall be the duty of the Marshal of the town to make such arrests, and to call to his assistance the posse comitatus, if necessary ; and upon failure to perform such duty, he shall be fined in a sum not less than twenty dollars for each and every offence Src. 9. The said Town Council of Wellford shall also have power to impose and collect an annual tax upon the assessed property of said town: Provided, No tax shall be imposed in f any one year to exceed the rate of fifty cents on each hundred dollars of such assessed property, and that the money so raised shall be applied to the use of said tow The said Town Coun- cil shall have power to enforce the payment of all taxes levied by the said Town Council to the same extent, and in the same manner, as is now, or hereafter shall be, provided by law for the collection of the general State taxes Sec. 10. That the said Town Council of Wellford shall have power to regulate sales at auction within the limits of said town and to grant licenses to auctioneers: Provided, Nothing herein contained shall extend to sales of Sheriffs Clerks of Court. Judge of Probate, Coroner, executor, administrator, assignee in bankruptcy, or by any person out of the order, decree of any Court, Trial Justice, or Justice of the Peace Sec. 11. That the Intendant and Wardens of the town of Wellford shall have power and authority to require all persons owning improved lot or lots, or parts thereof, in the said town to keep in repair the sidewalks adjacent to their lot or lots, re- 

spectively, and for default in this matter shall have power and authority to have said sidewalks repaired at the expense of the parties owning such lot or lots. Sec. 12. That the said Town Council of Welford shall also be empowered to retain, possess, and enjoy all such property as they may be possessed of or entitled to, or which shall hereafter be given, bequeathed, or in any manner acquired by them, and to sell, alien, or in any way transfer the same, or any part thereof: Provided, The amount of property so held, or stock invested, shall in no case exceed the sum of twenty thousand dollars. Sec. 13. That the said Town Council of Wellford shall not have authority to grant license to sell or retail any intoxicating or spirituous liquors within the corporate limits; and that no intoxicating or spirituous liquors shall be sold or retailed within the corporate limits of the said town within ninety-nine years after the passage of this Act; and that any person or persons selling or retailing any intoxicating or spirituous, liquors within the corporate limits of the:said town within the‘ time named, shall, upon conviction thereof by any Court of competent jurisdiction, be fined in a sum not less than one hun- dred dollars, or more than five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the County jail for a space of time not less than one month, or longer than twelve months, or both fined and imprisoned, at the discretion of the Court, for cach and every offence. Sec. 14. This Act shall be deemed a public Act in all Courts of justice, and shall continue of force until amended or repealed. In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate. . J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives. Approved February 9th, A. a ee SOOT) Ox 

AN ACT To amenp Titte II. (ENTITLED) “Or ELECTIONS” oF Part I. (ENTITLED) “OF THE INTERNAL ADMINISTRA- TION OF THE GOVERNMENT” OF THE GENERAL STATUTES. Secrion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- sentatives of the State of South Carolina, now met and sitting in General Assembly, and by the authority of the same, That Title IT. (entitled) “Of Elections” of Part I. (entitled) “Of the Internal Administration of the Government” of the General Statutes be and the same is hereby amended so as to read as follows: PART I. OF THE INTERNAL ADMINISTRATION OF THE GOVERNMENT. TITLE I. OF ELECTIONS. Cuarter I. Of the Qualifications and Registration of Electors. II. Of the manner of conducting Elections and returning Votes. III. Of the Election of Representatives in Congress and Electors of President and Vice President. IV. Of the Election of County Officers. CHAPTER I. OF QUALIFICATIONS AND REGISTRATION OF ELECTORS. Sec. Sec. Qualification of Electors. 11. Certificates lost, how supplied. Electors to be registered. | 12. Certificate of transfer on removal 3 from one residence to another. Supervisor of Registration to be ap- ointed. 13. Certificate of transfer on removal Registration books to be provided. from one precinct to another. Registration of voters to be made. 14. Certificate of transfer on removal Registration books, when closed and from one County to another. reopened. 15. No elector removing from one resi- Oath to be administered to voter dence, precinct, or County, to and registration fee. | another, to register or vote, with- Supervisor of Registration to deter- out transfer of registration. mine as to qualification of appli- 16. Revision of Registry preceding elec- cant with right of applicant to ap- tion. eal. 17. Registration books to be furnished | Managers. Registration of those coming of age : 18. Com 10 . Electors furnished with certificates after first general Registration. pensation of Supervisors. 19. Fees to be applied to payment of ex- of registration. penses of registration. Section 1. Every male citizen of the United States, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, uot laboring under the disabilities named 

in the Constitution, without distinction of race or color or former condi- tion, who shall have been a resident of the State for one year, and in the County in which he offers to vote for sixty days next preceding any general election, shall be entitled to vote: Provided, That no person, while kept in any alms-house or asylum, or of unsound mind, or confined in any public prison, or who shall have been convicted of treason, mur- der, robbery of the goods or chattels of another with or without vio- lence, whether taken from the person or otherwise, or of duclling, shall be allowed to vote. Section 2. All electors of the State shall be registered as hereinafter provided ; and no person shall be allowed to vote at any election hereafter to be held unless registered as herein required. Section 3. On or before the first day of March next, and on or before the same day in every second year thereafter, the Governor shall appoint, by and with theadvice and consent of the Senate, if in session, and if not in session, subject to the approval of the Senate at its next session, and subject to removal by the Governor, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen- ate, one competent and discreet person in each County who shall be a quali- fied voter thereof, and who shall hold his office at the County seat, who shall be known as the Supervisor of Registration of such County, and whose duty it shall be to supervise the registration of the electors of such County as herein specified. The said Supervisor of Registration shall keep a record of all his official acts and proceedings. The term of his office shall be for two years from the date of his appointment ; he shall continue in office until his successor shall be appointed and shall qualify, aud he shall not be eligible to any cther office during the term for which he is appointed. The Governor shall have the authority to appoint a Deputy Super- visor in case of the inability of the Supervisor to act; who when so ap- pointed shall have all the powers and be charged with the duties of the Supervisor, and hall receive five dollars per diem when actually employed. The Governor shall also appoint two Assistant Supervisors of Election who shall serve without compensation, who shall sit with the Supervisor of Election in the determination of all cases of contested registration in which the Supervisor shall refuse to register the applicant; the three Supervisors of Registration shall sit for as many days, beginning on the second Tuesday in July, as may be necessary to hear and determine all cases in which registration may be refused any applicant in such-county. Section 4. The Secretary of State shall, by the 1st March, Anno Domini 1382, cause a sufficient number of registration books and blanks to be prepared so that there shall be two of the said books for each pre- cinct in each County, which books shall be ruled in columns, with proper headings, so as to indicate the name, age, occupation, and place of resi- 

dence of each elector, with a separate column to the right side of the page for such entries as may be necessary. Srcrion 5. After the approval of this Act, the Supervisor of Regis- P tration, in the months of May and June next, shall make a full and complete registration of all qualified voters, in the following manner : He shall give three weeks’ notice of the times and places of registration, by advertising in one or more County papers, or by posting in a public place in each voting precinct, where no paper is published in the County. The time for registration shall not be less than one nor more than three - days at each registration precinct. Immediately after closing the regis- tration at the precincts, he shall open his books at the County seat, to t correct errors in registration, and to register such electors as failed to register at their respective precincts, and who shall then and there pre- sent themselves for that purpose, entering the names of such voters in his book for their proper precincts. At the conclusion of the registration hereinbefore provided for, the Supervisor of Registration shall revise the list ; and in case it be made to appear to his satisfaction that there is a qualified voter in a précinct who has failed to register, he may, upon such evidence as he may think necessary, in his discretion, permit the name of such voter to be placed on said list, and issue a certificate therefor. That for the purpose of registration, each township as now laid out and defined le be and is hereby declared a registration precinct, and in those Counties in which there are no such townships, that the parish as formerly known and defined be and is hereby declared such precinct, and in the cities of Columbia and Charleston each ward shall be a registration precinct. Sxcrion 6. When the said registration shall have been completed, the books shall be closed, and not re-opened for registration, except for the = purposes and as hereinafter mentioned, until after the next general elec- rcion for State officers. After the said next general election the said books shall be re-opened for ‘registration of such persons as shall there- after become entitled to register on the first Monday in each month, to and until the first Monday of July, inclusive, preceding the following general election, upon which last named day the same shall be closed and not re-opened for registration, until after the said general election; and ever after the said book shall be opened for registration of such electors, on the days above mentioned, until the first day of July preceding a general election, when the same shall be closed as aforesaid, until the said general election shall have taken place. Srction 7. Each elector in the State shall be required, at the time advertised for his precinct as hereinbefore provided, to appear before the Supervisor of Registration at the place advertised, and make oath before the said Supervisor, which oath the said Supervisér is hereby authorized and required to administer, that the facts then and there to be stated by 

bim as to his name, age, occupaticn, place of residence, and dur- ation of residence in the County and State are true, and thereupon the said Supervisor shell enter the name, ave, occupation, and place of resi- dence of the clector in the appropriate column in his registration book. He shall make and keep a list of the contested applications for registra- tion which he rejects, and report the same for hearing before the Assist-¥ ant Supervisors as hereinbefore required. Section 8. The Supervisor of Registration shall determine as to the legal qualifications of any applicant for registration by summary process, requiring oath, evidence, or both, if he deem proper, subject to revision by the Assistant Supervisors and himself in all cases where he has re- fused to register an applicant. From the decision of the Supervisors of Registration, any applicant who is rejected shall have the right to a review thereof by the Circuit Court, provided he gave notice in writing to the Supervisor of his application for such review, and the grounds thereof, within five days from the date of his rejection, and commence his proceedings within ten days from the service of said notice. Section 9. Any person coming of age, and becoming qualified as an elector, may appear before the Supervisor of Registration, on any day on which the books are opened as afuresaid, and take oath as to his age and qualifications as hereinbefore provided, and if the Supervisor find him qualified, he shall enter his name upon the registration book of the pre- cinct wherein he resides; such person shall have the right of appeal as aforesaid, in case the Supervisor shall not find him qualified: Provided, That in case a person shall not be of age to qualify him as an elector on the day of the closing of the books of registration before any general election, but shall be of such age as will qualify him as such elector before the said general election, and shall appear before the Supervisor of Registration, and take oath thereto, and the Supervisor shall find him qualified, he shall enter his name upon the registration book as aforesaid. Section 10. Each elector registered as aforesaid shall thereupon be furnished by the Supervisor with a certificate, which shall contain a state- ment of his age, occupation, and place of residence, as entered in the said registration book, and which certificate shall be signed by the said Super- visor; aud no person shall he allowed to vote at any other precinct than the one for which he is registered, nor unless he produces and exhibits to the Managers of Election such certificate: Provided, In case there shall be no election precinct within any township or parish, the Super- visor shall designate in the certificate at which of the neighboring pre- cincts the elector shall vote; and in case there be more than one precinct in any township or parish, the Supervisor shall likewise designate in the certificate at which of the said precincts the elector shall vote. 

“ Registration Certificate Number County, Township, or Parish, Election Precinct The bearer is a qualified voter in the above precinct and resides at in Township, or Parish, and is years of age and entitled to vote at said precinct. Registered on the day of A. D., 18 Supervisor of Registration.” Section 11. That every elector shall have the right to a renewal of his certificate without fee or charge, when the same becomes defaced by time or accident, upon his surrendering such certificate, so defaced. to the Supervisor of Registration. Section 12. In case of the removal of an elector from one residence to another in the same precinct, such elector shall notify the Supervisor of Registration, and shall surrender his certificate of registration to the said Supervisor of Registration, who shall enter the fact upon the rezic- tration book, and shall give such elector a new certificate in accordance with such change of residence. Section 13. In case of the removal of an clector from one precinct to another precinct in the same County, such elector shall notify the Super- visor of Registration and shall surrender his certificate of registration to the said Supervisor of Registration, who shall enter the fact upon the proper registration book, and shall give such elector a new certificate for the precinct into which he has removed. Section 14. In case of the removal of an elector from one County to another, such clector shall notify the Supervisor of Registration of the County wherein he is registered, and shall surrender his certificate of registration; and the said Supervisor of Registration shall thereupon enter the fact of such removal upon the registration book as aforesaid. and shall give such elector a certificate of transfer to the County to which such elector shall have removed, upon the presentation of which the Supervisor of Registration for such County shall cause such elector to be registered in the precinct of such County to which he shall have removed. and shall furnish such elector with a certificate as hereinbefore provided. Section 15. No elector removing from one residence, precinct, parish. ward, or County, to another, shall be allowed to register or vote without a transfer of registration as above provided. Section 16. The Supervisor of Registration shall, immediately pre- ceding each election, revise the registration of electors and mark off the names of such electors as have died and such as have removed from ove residence, precinct, parish, ward, or County, to another, without notity- ing him and obtaining a certificate of transfer as hereinbefore provided. 

Section 17. At each and every elcction the Supervisor of Registra- tion shall furnish the Managers of Election with one of the registration books for each precinct, for the care and custody of which the Managers receiving the same shall be responsible, and which they shall return to the Supervisor of Registration within three days after the close of election ; and no elector shall be allowed to vote whose name is not registered as hereinbefore provided. Section 18. The Supervisors of Registration shall receive from the State Treasury for their compensation in the County of Charleston one thousand dollars, and in each other County in this State five hundred dollars. The compensation for Supervisors in every subsequent year after the present shall be fixed by the Gencral Assembly from time to time as may be deemed proper. CHAPTER II. OF THE MANNER OF CONDUCTING ELECTIONS AND RETURNING VOTES. Sec. See. 20. General election, time for holding. 37. Three separate statements, besides Commissioners and Manayers of Election. those for Country Clerk and Sceretary 21. Three Commissioners of Election to of State, prepared, beappointed for each County. Three 38, Returns to be deposited in post-office, Managers of Election to be appointed 39. postpaid and directed. for each precinct. No per diem or other compensation 2. Clerk to be appointed by Managers. to Commissioners, Managers, and 23. Commissioners and Managers to or- Clerks. ganize by appointing Chairman, Oy the Formation and Proceedings of the 24 Polls to be kept open from 6 o'clock Board of State Canvussers. in the morning till 6 o'clock in the 40. Meeting of State Canvassers on or evening; oath to voters. before the tenth of November. 25 Representatives in Congress to be 41 Who constitute State Canvassers. chosen. 42. When President of the Senate shall 26. Peace officers to be present at the act as one of the State Cunvagsers, polls to preserve order. 43. State Canvassers to proceed to wake) 27. Bar rooms and places for sale of statement of votes given for each liquors to be closed on days of elec- candidate voted for. | 44. tion—sale of liquors prohibited. Certificate delivered to Secretary o 28. Voting to be by written or printed State. ballots, folded so as to conceal con- 45. To declare what persons elected, and tents. decide contested cases which are not] 29 30. To be separate and distinct ballots. A sufficient number of boxes for each tion. otherwise provided for in Constitu- election precinct to be provided— 46. Power of Board to adjourn. how made. Person voting must de- 47. How. election of Governor may be posit his own ballot. contested. 3l. 48. Clerk to keep poll list. Secretary of State to record result o 32. Time and mode of counting votes. canvass. 33. Commissioners to meet at County 49. To furnish copy of each determination seat on Tuesday following election; to person declared elected and to Governor. 34, Votes to be counted and statement appoint Secretary. All to qualify. 50. To print statements in public news- made within ten days. All papers apers, relating to el ctions to be forwarded 51 To send certificates to House of Rep- to State Canvassers. resentatives of. United States. 35. 52. Duplicate statements to be made and Secretary of State to keep record o filed with Clerk of County. County officers. 36. Separate statements of votes given 53. Punishment of officers guilty of neg- for each person voted for. lect or corrupt conduct. Section 20. The general elections in this State shall be held on the 

first Tuesday following the first Monday in November in every second year, reckoning from the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and shall be regulated and conducted according to the rules, principles, and provisions herein prescribed. Commissioners and Managers of Election. Section 21. For the purpose of carrying on such election, it shall be the duty of the Governor, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, at least thirty days prior to any such election, to appoint, for each County, three Commissioners of Election, for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, State officers, Circuit Solicitors, members of the General Assembly, and County officers, or any of said officers, and three other Commissioners of Election for the election of Presidential Electors and members of Con- gress, or either of said officers, who shall continue in office until their successors are appointed and qualified. The Commissioners of Election for said State officers are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint three Managers of Election for State officers; and the Commissioners of Election for the above members of Congress and Presidential Electors, or either of said officers, are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint three other Managers of Election for, said officers, for each polling place at each election precinct of the County for which they shall respectively be appointed. The said Commissioners of Election and said Managers of Election shall take and subscribe, before any officer authorized to admin- ister oaths, the oath of office prescribed by Section 30 of Article II. of the Constitution, and the oath with respect to duelling, and the same shall be immediately filed in the office of the Clerk of the Court of Com- mon Pleas of the County in which said Commissioners and Managers shall be appointed; and if there be no such Clerk, duly qualified by law, then in the office of the Secretary of State. Section 22. The Managers are hereby authorized to appoint a Clerk to assist them in whatever duties may be required of them, who shall take the oath of office prescribed by Section 30 of Article II. of the Constitution, and the oath with regard to duelling, before the Chairman of the Board of Managers. Section 23. The Commissioners aforesaid, and the Managers afore- said, at their first meetings, respectively, shall proceed to organize them- selves as a Board, by appointing one of their number Chairman of the Board ; and such Chairman, in each instance, shall be empowered to ad- minister oaths. Section 24. The polls shall be open at sash voting places as shall bé designated at seven o'clock in the forenoon, and close at six o’clock in the afternoon of the day of election, and shall be kept open during these hours, without intermission or adjournment ; and the Managers shall ad- 

minister to each person offering to vote an oath that he is qualified to vote at this election, according to the Constitution of this State, and that he has not voted during this election. Section 25. Representatives in the House of Representatives of the Congrces of the *United States shall be chosen at such election, in the 4 several Congressional Districts, by the qualified electors therein. Section 26. The Deputy State Constables, and other peace officers of each County, are required to be present during the whole time that the t polls are kept open, and until the election is completed ; and they shall ' prevent all interference with the Managers, and see that there is no in- terruption of good order, and act under the direction of the Managers. If there should be more than one polling place in any County, the State Constable is empowered and directed to make such assignment of his Deputies, and other peace officers, to such polling places as may, in his judgment, best subserve the purposes of quiet and order. Section 27. All bar-rooms, saloons, and other places for the sale of liquors by retail, shall be closed at six o'clock of the evening preceding h the day of such election. and remain closed until six o’clock in the morn- € ing of the day thereafter, and during the time aforesaid the sale of all! intoxicating liquors is prohibited. Any person duly convicted before a competent Court of a violation of this Section shall be punished by a fine not exceeding fifty dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of the Court. ' Section 28. The voting shall be by ballot, which ballot shall he of plain white paper of two and a half inches wide by five inches long, clear and even cut, without ornament, designation, mutilation, symbol, or mark of any kind whatsoever, except the name or names of the person or persons voted for, and the office to which such person or persons are intended to be chosen, which name or names and office or offices shall be written or printed, or partly written and partly printed thereon, in black ink ; and such ballot shall be so folded as to conceal the name or names thereon, and so fulded shall be deposited in a box to be constructed, kept, and disposed of as hereafter provided; and no ballot of any other de- scription found in any election box shall be counted Section 29. There shall be separate ‘and distinct ballots for the fol- lowing officers, to wit: 1. Governor and Lieutenant Governor. 2. Other State officers. 3. Circuit Solicitor. 4. State Senator. 5. Members of the House of Representatives. 6. County officers. 7. Representatives in Congress. 8. Presidential Electors; on which shall be the name or names of the person or persons voted for as such officers respectively, and the office for which they are voted. Provided, That whenever a vote is to be taken on any special question or questions, a box shall be- 

provided and properly labelled for that purpose, and the ballots therefor shall be deposited therein. Srction 30. The Commissioners of Election shall provide for each b election precinct a sufficient number of boxes to meet the requirements of the foregoing Section. An opening shall be made in’ the lid of each box not larger than sufficient for a single ballot to be inserted therein at one time, through which each ballot received proper to be placed in such box shall be inserted by the person voting, and by no other. Each box shall be provided with a sufficient lock, and each box shall be publicly opened and inspected to show that it is empty and secure, and locked just before the opening of the poll and the keys returned to the Mana- gers, and shall not be opened during the election. “ach box shall be labelled in plain and distinct Roman letters with the office or officers voted for, and the Managers, on the demand of the voter, shal] be re- quired to read to him the names on the boxes, and no vote for any office other than that for which such box shall be designated and labelled shall be counted. At each precinct a space, or enclosure, such as the Mana- “gers of Election shall deem fit and sufficient, shall be railed off, or other- wise provided, with an opening at one end or side for the entrance of the voter, and an opening at the other: for his exit, as a polling place in which to hold the election for the State, Circuit, and County offices. A similar, but separate and distinct space or enclosure, shall be railed off, or otherwise provided, as a polling place for the election of Congressmen and Presidential Electors, at such distance from the polling place for State officers as the Commissioners of Election for each County shall determine and appoint for each election precinct. But one voter shall be allowed to enter any polling place at a time, and no one except the Mana- gers shall be allowed to speak to the voter while in the polling place cast- ing his vote. Section 31. Each Clerk of the poll shall keep a poll list, which shall t. contain one column headed, ‘(Names of Voters;”’ and the name of each elector voting shall be entered by the Clerk in such column. - Section 32. At the close of the election, the Managers and Clerk shall immediately proceed, publicly, to open the ballot box and count the © ballots therein, and continue such count, without adjournment or inter- ruption, until the same is completed, and make such statement of the result thereof, and sign the same, as the nature of the election shall re- quire. If, in counting, two or more like ballots shall be found folded together compactly, only one shall be counted, and the others destroyed; but, if they bear different names, the same shall be destroyed, and not counted. If more ballots shall be found, on opening the box, than there are names on the poll list, all the ballots shall be returned to the box and thoroughly mixed together, and one of the Managers, or the Clerk, shall, 

without seeing the ballots, draw therefrom, and immediately destroy, as many ballots as there are in excess of the number of names on the poll list. Within three days thereafter, the Chairman of the Board of Man- agers, or one of them, to be designated in writing by the Board, shall deliver to the Commissioners of Election the poll list, the boxes contain- ing the ballots, and a written statement of the result of the election in his precinct. Sxction 33. The Commissioners of Election for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, State officers, Circuit Solicitors, members of the General As- sembly and County officers, or either of said officers, shall meet in some | convenient place at the County seat on the Tuesday next following the | election, before one o’clock in the afternoon of that day, and shall pro- ceed to organize as, and shall be, the County Board of Canvassers. They may appoint sume competent persun as Secretary. The Chairman shall then proceed to administer the constitutional oath to each member of the Board, as Canvassers; and shall administer the constitutional oath to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall administer to the Chairman the same oath that he shall have administered to the other members of the Board. The Commissioners of Election for members of Congress and Presidential Electors, or either of said officers shall likewise meet at the same time at its County seat, and shall in like manner proceed to organize as and shall be the County Board of Commissioners for election of the Federal officers aforesaid. Section 34. They shall then proceed to canvass the aes of the County, and shall make such statements thereof as the nature of the election shall require, within ten days of the time of their first meeting as a Board of County Cunvassers, and shall transmit to the Board of State Canvassers any protest, and all papers relating to the election. Section 35. Duplicate statements shall be made and filed in the office of the Clerk of the County; and, if there be no such Clerk, duly qualified according to law, then in the office of the Secretary of State. Section 36. They shall make separate statements of the whole num- ber of votes given in such County for Representatives in Congress; and Such separate statements of all other votes given for other officers. statements shall contain the names of the persons for whom such votcs were given, and the number of votes given for each, which shall be writ- ten out in words at full length. Sxction 37. There shall be prepared by the Commissioners three sep- arate lists of each statement, besides the lists to be filed-in the office of the County Clerk, or Secretary of State, and each list shall be certified to as correct, by the signatures of the Commissioners, subscribed to such certificate. Section 38. After the final adjournment of the Board of County Can- 

vassers, and within the time prescribed in this Chapter, the Chairman of said Board shall forward, addressed to the Governor and Secretary of State, by a messenger, the returns, poll list, and all papers appertaining to the election The said messenger to be paid his actual expenses upon a certificate to be furnished him by the Secretary of State. Said cer- tificate shall be paid out of the funds provided for the payment of Com- missioners and Managers of Election Sxction 39. No per diem, mileage, or other compensation, shall be. paid to the Commissioners of Election, Managers of Election, or Clerks appointed by them. Of the Formation and Proceedings of the Board of State Canwassers Section 40. The Secretary of State shall appoint a meeting of the Board of State Canvassers, to be held at his office, or some convenient place, within ten days next after such general election, for the purpose of canvassing the votes for all officers voted for at such election Srction 41. The Secretary of State, Comptroller General, Attorney General, State Treasurer, Adjutant and Inspector General, and the Chairman of the Committee on Privileges and Elections of the House of Representatives, shall constitute the Board of State Canvassers—four of whom shall be a quorum Section. 42. If a majority of these officers shall be unable, or shall fail, to attend, the President of the Senate, being notified by the Secre- tary of State, shall attend without delay, and, with the officers attending shall form a Board Sxction 43. The Board, when thus formed, shall, upon the certified copies of the statements made by the Board of County Canvassers, pro- ceed to make a statement of the whole number of votes given at such election for the various officers, and for each of them voted for, distin- guishing the several Counties in which they were given They shall certify such statements to be correct, and subscribe the same with their proper names Srcrion 44. They shall make and subscribe, on the proper state- ment, a certificate of their determination, and shall deliver the same to the Secretary of State. Section 45.+ Upon such statements they shall then proceed to deter- mine and declare what persons have been, by the greatest number of votes, duly elected to such offices, or either of them. They shall have power, and it'is made their duty, to decide all cases under protest or con- test that may arise, when the power to do so does not, by the Constitu- tion, reside in some other body Section 46. The Board shall have power to adjourn from day to day, for a term not exceeding ten days 

Section 47. In case of a contest of the election of Governor, (if the General Assembly, by concurrent: resolution, shall entertain the same,) the Senate and House or Representatives shall, each separately, proceed 4 to hear and determine the facts in the case, so far as they deem neces- sary, and decide thereon who, according to the 10th Section of Article VILL. of the Constitution, is entitled to be declared elected. If the two branches of the General Assembly come to the same decision, they shall, by concurrent resvlution, declare who is duly elected and entitled to en- ter upon and exercise the office of Grovernor; and such person thereupon shall, upon taking the oaths prescribed in the Constitution, and the oath with respect to duelling, be inducted into office. If the two branches of the General Assembly do not come to the same decision, then a general election shall be called by the Governor, to take place in not less than sixty, nor more than ninety days, at which the qualified electors shall proceed to vote for a suitable person to fill the office of Governor. Section 48. The Secretary of State shall record in his office, in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, each certified statement and determination which shall be delivered to him by the Board of State Canvassers, and every dissent or protest that shall have been delivered to him by a canvasser. Srction 49. He shall, without delay, transmit a copy, under the seal of his office, of such certified determination to each person thereby de-t clared to be elected, and a like copy to the Governor. Section 50. He shall cause a copy of such certified statements and determinations to be printed in one or more public newspapers of this 5 State. Section 51. He shall prepare a general certificate, under the seal of the State, and attested by him as Secretary thereof, addressed to the House of Representatives of the United States in that Congress for which ° .) any person shall have been chosen, of the due election of the person so chosen at such election as Representative of this State in Congress, and shall transmit the same to the said House of Representatives at their first Meeting. Section 52. The Secretary of State shall enter in a book, to be kept 0 C} in his office, the names of the respective County officers elected in this State, specifying the Counties for which they were severally elected, and their place of residence, the office for which they were respectively elected, and their term of office. Section 53. If any officer on whom any duty is enjoined in this Chapter shall be guilty of any wilful neglect of such duty, or of any, corrupt conduct in the execution of the same, and be thereof convicted, * he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by fine not ex- ceeding five hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding one year. 

OF THE ELECTION OF REPRESENTATIVES IN CONGRESS AND ELEC- TORS OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT. See. t Sec. Of the Election of Representatives in Con- 64. Penalty on messengers and others ress. for defeating the delivery of cer- 55. Division of State tificates. sional Districts. into Congres- 65. Punishment for neglect or corrupt 56. Each District to elect one member of conduct on part of officers or mes- Congress. sengers. Of the Election of Electors of /?:eatdent 66. Compensation of messengers. and Vice- Pre ident. Of the Formation and Proceedings of the 57. Electors of President and Vice Pres- ‘olle e of Electors, ident, how chosen. 6 Meeting of the Electoral College. 58. vacancies to be filled. Certified copies of statement of votes to be made. Duties of Secretary of State. 59 Messengers to deliver statement to 69 Vote by ballot. Secretary of State. 70 Certified lists of candidates voted for. 60. Meeting of the Board of State Can- 71 Appoint a messenger to deliver lists. vassers. 72 Where to be delivered. 61 Statement of Board. 73 Duplicate copies to be forwarded by 62. Certificates by Secretary of State. mail. 63 | 74 Determination and certificate pub— lished. Compensation. Of the Election of Representatives in Congress. SEcrion 54. The State of South Carolina shall be divided into Con- rgrcssional Districts as follows: First Congressional District—Chesterfield, Marlboro, Darlington, Marion, Sumter, Williamsburg, Georgetown, and Horry. Second Congressional District—Charleston, Orangeburg, and Clarendon. Third Congressional District—Richland, Lexington, New- berry, Laurens, Abbeville, Anderson, Ocunee, Pickens. Fourth Con- gressional District—Greenville, Spartanburg, Union, York, Chester, Fair- field, Juancaster, Kershaw. Fifth Congressional District—EKdgefield, Aiken, Barnwell, Hampton, Colleton, and Beaufort. Secrion 55. Until the next apportionment be made by the Congress fof the United States, each of the said Congressional Districts shall be entitled to elect one member to represent this State in the Congress of ‘the United States. After such new apportionment by Congress, the } General Assembly shall divide the State into as many Congressional Dis- tricts as the State is entitled to members in: the House of Representa- tives. And in case the Congress of the United States shall by any new apportionment give to this State more than five members of the House of Representatives, and the General Assembly shall not be in session, the Governor shall by proclamation issue writs of election for Congressmen- at-Large, one or more, as the case may be. Of the Election of Electors of President and Vice President. Section 56. When an election for President and Vice President of the United States occurs, there shall be clected, by general ticket, as 

many Electors of President and Vice President as this State shall be en- titled to appoint; aud each elector in this State shall have a right to vote for the whole number of such Klectors ; and the several persons, to 4 the number required to be chosen, having the highest number of votes, ¢ shall be declared and deemed duly appointed Electors. Section 37. The Commissioners of Election of each County shall make four certified copies of the statement of votes given for Electors in their County. one of which copies shall be filed in the office of the Clerk of the County, if there be such Clerk duly qualified by law ; another of such copies they shall forthwith transmit to the Governor, another to the Secretary of State, and deliver the other as hereinafter directed. Section 58. The Commissioners of Election of each County shall appoint a messenger, and shall deliver to such messenger the remaining | q certified copy of the statement of the votes given in their County for Electors, securely enclosed and under seal, and such messenger shall pro- ceed forthwith to deliver the same to the Secretary of State. Section 59. The Board of State Canvassers shall meet at the office of the Seuretary of State within ten days next after such election, to canvass the votes given for the Electors of President and Vice Presi- dent; and in case all the certified statements shall not have been re- ceived on that day, the Board may adjourn from day to day, until the same shall have been received, not exceeding five days; and if, at the ex- piration of four days, certified copies of the statements of the County Canvassers shall not have been received from any County, the Board shall proceed to cauvass upon such of the said statements as shall have been received. Section 60. The Board of State Canvassers shall proceed in making a statement of all the vote, and determining and certifying the persons | elected, in the manner prescribed by law in relation to the election of other officers. Secrion 61. The Secretary of State shall, without delay, cause a copy, under the seal of his office, of the certified determination of the} Board of State Canvassers, to be delivered to each of the persons therein declared to be elected; and for that purpose he may employ such and so many messengers as he shall deem necessary. Srcrion 62. The determination and certificate of the Board of State Canvassers in relation to the choice of the Electors shall be published in the same manner as provided in relation to the certifidates of the elec- tion of other officers. Section 63. If any of the messengers shall be guilty of destroying the certificates intrusted to tueir care, or wilfully doing any act that shall defeat the due delivery of them, as directed by this Chapter, he shall be i punished by imprisonment iu the Penitentiary, at hard labor, for a term 37 A&R 

not less than two, nor exceeding four years; and if any person shall be found guilty of taking away from any of the said messengers, either by force or in any other manner, any such certificates intrusted to his care, or wilfully doing any act that shall defeat the due delivery thereof, as directed by this Chapter, he shall be punished by imprisonment in the Penitentiary, at hard labor, for not less than two, nor exceeding four years. Secrion 64. If any officer or messenger, on whom any duty is enjoined in this Chapter, shall be guilty of any wilful neglect of such duty, or of any corrupt conduct in the execution of the same, and be thereof con- victed, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding one year. Section 65. The messengers employed or appointed under this Chap- ter shall receive for their compensation twelve cents per mile for travelling, to be audited by the Comptroller General upon the certificate of the Sec- retary of State. Of the Formation and Proceedings of the College of Electors. Secrion 66. The Electors of President and Vice President shall con- vene at the Capital, in some convenient place, on the day preceding the first Wednesday in December after their election; and those of them who shall be assembled, at four o’clock in the afternoon of that day, shall, im- mediately after that hour, proceed toa preliminary organization, and make such preliminary arrangements as may be necessary for permanent organ- ization and the casting of the electoral vote of the State. Srction 67. The Secretary of State shall prepare three lists of the names of the Electors, procure to the same the signature of the Governor, affix thereto the seal of the State, and deliver them, thus signed and sealed, to the President of the College of Electors, on the said first Wednesday in December. Srction 68. On the said first Wednesday in December, at 12 o'clock M., the Electors shall meet at some convenient place at the Capital, and a effect a permanent organization by the election of a President and Secre- 

President, and of all persons voted for as Vice President, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify; and, after annexing thereto one of the lists received from the Secretary of State, they shall seal up the same, certifying thereon that lists of the votes f of this State for President and Vice President are contained therein. Section 70. The Electors shall then, by writing, under their hands, or under the hands of a majority of them, appoint a person to take charge y of the lists so sealed up, and to deliver the same to the President of the g Senate of the Congress of the United States, at the seat of Government, before the first Wednesday in January then next ensuing. Section 71. In ease there shall be no President of the Senate at the seat of Government on the arrival of the person intrusted with the lists of the votes of the Electors, then such person is required to deliver the lists of the votes in his custody into the office of the Secretary of State of the United States. Section 72. The Electors are also required to forward forthwith, by the post office, to the President of the Senate of the United States, at the seat of Government, and to deliver forthwith to the Judge of the United States for the District of South Carolina, similar lists, signed, annexed, sealed up, and certified in the manner aforesaid. Secrion 73. Every Elector of this State for the election of a President and Vice President of the United States, who shall attend at any election of those officers, and give his vote at the time and place appointed by law, shall be entitled to receive for his attendance at such election, and for travelling to and from his place of residence by the most usual route, the same sum as shall, at the time, be allowed by law to members of the General Assembly, for their attendance and travel, to be paid in like manner. CHAPTER IV. OF THE ELECTION OF COUNTY OFFICERS. Sec. See. 75. General Election for County Offi- 76. Governor to fill vacancies where cers on the first Tuesday after the the unexpired term does not ex- first Monday in November of ceed one year, and, when it does, every second year. to call an election. Section 74. There shall be a general election for the election of the following County officers, to wit: Judge of Probate, County Commis- sioners and School Commissioner, held in each County at every gencral election for members of the House of Representatives ; and for the elec- tion of Sheriff, Coroner, and Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas at every alternate general election, reckoning from the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty. 

Srctron 75. In the event that a vacancy shall at any time occur in any of the offices in any County of this State, whether from death resignation, disqualification, refusal or neglect to qualify, of the person elected or appointed thereto, expiration of the term of office, removal from the County, or from any other cause, the Governor shall have full power to appoint some suitable person, who shall be an elector of the County, and, upon duly qualifying according to law, shall be entitled to enter upon and hold the office to which he has been appointed, if it be an elective office, until: the next general election for such office, and until his successor shall qualify; and if it be an office which was filled originally by appointment, until the adjournment of the General Assembly at the regular session next after such appointment and shall be subject to all the duties and liabilities incident to said office during the term of his service therein CHAPTER V PUNISHMENT FOR VIOLATING ELECTION LAW Section 76. Every person who shall vote at any general, special, or municipal election, who is not entitled to vote, and every person who shall, by force, intimidation, deception, fraud, bribery, or undue influence, * obtain, procure, or control the vote of any elector to be cast for any can- didate or measure other than as intended or desired by such elector, or who shall violate any of the foregoing provisions in regard to elections, shall be punished by a fine of not less than one hundred nor more than one thousand dollars, or by imprisonment in jail not less than three months nor more than twelve months, or both, within the discretion of the Court. Section 77. This Act shall take effect immediately upon its passage In the Senate House, the ninth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two J. D. KENNEDY, President of the Senate J. C. SHEPPARD, Speaker House of Representatives Approved February 9th, A. D. 1882 OTN OOT) Ov orn 